TITLE <> TEXT <> LABEL
How I Style My Hair: Easy Laid Back Waves <> Today we're talking hair! Specifically how I've been styling mine. Questions have been rolling in over social media recently wanting to know how I've been achieving my go to style - easy laid back waves, so today I'm going to give you a step by step guide to literally the simplest hair look ever! I've also teamed up with TRESemmé for this post as, drumroll please.. I'll be flying out to New York with them on Friday for Fashion Week! Without doubt TRESemmé are a hair staple these days, and I've used three of their best styling products in todays look. Perfect hair isn't always easy, and this season TRESemmé want to inspire and empower you to #WorkIt with their huge range of products to get the look you love, whether that's laid back and lived in, or glammed up super chic! I'll also be going backstage with them for a handful of shows, so expect to see a lot of NYFW content coming your way soon! STEP ONE: BOOST This style honestly couldn't be easier to fit into your routine, as it literally takes me ten minutes to wiz through every morning. Prep is key to a quick style though, so I usually start things off the night before when I wash my hair. Volume is the number one for me when it comes to my hair aspirations, and mousse is one of the best products to use for this. Starting with damp hair I comb through about a golf ball sized amount of the TRESemmé Volume & Lift Mousse with my fingers, concentrating it at the roots. A quick blast of the hair dryer leaves my hair with long-lasting fullness without the sticky texture of a dry spray, as well as all the weightless volume I could ever need!  Don't forget to run whats left in your hands into the rest of your hair too, as this is going to hold in the waves when we come to using heat. STEP TWO: PROTECT Before you step anywhere near the curling wand though, protecting your hair is key. The TRESemmé Heat Defense Styling Spray has been around ever since I picked up my first pair of GHD's a long, long time ago. It keeps hair safe up to 230 degrees and increases softness and shine too. I honestly think I've stuck with this spray for so long because the nozzle is just the best (weirdo alert, I know). A lot of spray products can end up leaving a whole lot of product in one little spot on your head - not great when I'm trying my best to protect every single overprocessed, overworked strand! Whereas the spritz on this is such a fine mist it covers lightly and evenly all over. STEP THREE: TEXTURE Next, onto the main part of this routine - adding the waves. My tool of choice is a medium tapered curling wand, but you can also get a similar effect with straighteners if you have those to hand. The most important part of achieving lose falling curls is actually how you hold the wand. With much trial and error I've found pointing it down and at a forty-five degree angle (or thereabouts) gives the best curl formation. Also the way in which you wrap the hair makes a huge difference too. If you twist as you go, things are going to end up on the 80's side of kinky, so make sure you keep the hair flat and straight against the wand. Try not to overthink it though - with practice you'll have the technique down in your sleep. EXTRA TIP! While the hair is cooling, pull apart the curls with your fingers. This breaks up the texture into waves and gives a much more seperated effect than brushing out with a comb, and doesn't leave them as broken down as running your hands all the way through. STEP FOUR: HOLD Depending on your hair texture this style might last all day, but for my naturally straight and flat hair I like the guaranteed hold of a setting product. The Extra Hold Hairspray from TRESEmmé is seriously heavy duty in keeping loose waves in place, but without any of the stiffness you'd usually think came hand in hand with a maximum hold spray.  My hair still feels soft enough to run my fingers through after this step and I also like to spray some through the roots for a last boost of volume, as well as keeping flyaways at bay. It's humidity resistant as well - perfect for the frizz prone, humid streets of NYC! <> beauty
My Boxing Day Sales Picks <> SHOPPING THE SALES Love it or hate it, it's that time of the year again where the boxing day sales come back with bang. I really can't think of anything worse than braving the mad rush of the sales in person - let's just take a moment of silence for those working in retail today. But why venture out when you can shop safely from the comfort of your own snack stocked living room, with no need to change out of those festive pyjamas you've been refusing to take off since yesterday.. I've been scouring away on the internet looking for the best deals on offer from my favourite online stores and brands, and I think I've found some pretty good ones. I'm going to be coming back and updating this post all day, so keep checking back for new sales! Scroll down now and you'll see my top picks in beauty, style and homeware from the likes of FeelUnique, Topshop, Oliver Bonas and more! I may have already added some of these items to my own shopping bag in the process.. Just click to be taken straight to the sale! ASOS  ASOS are having an absolutely mammoth sale this year, with almost everything on the site being discounted. Definitely the best place to find your favourite high street brands with even lower prices. FEELUNIQUE  The place to find all things beauty! The site is hosting a whole lot of discounts, including brand wide savings on Urban Decay, YSL, bareMinerals and more! Plus a lot of the Christmas gifting sets are also included making them even better value for money. OLIVER BONAS  My favourite place to go for cute homeware accessories, Oliver Bonas has discounts on some seriously beautiful little things. Think a lot of gold, marble and pastel goodness all over the place. TOPSHOP  Topshop have so many beautiful things in their sale this year! There's a lot of satin, sequins and sparkle and I love it! Also, the pink metallic boots of my dreams are currently half price which I'm definitely taking as a sign to go ahead and make that happen. FARFETCH Shoutout to Farfetch this year for holding the most drool-worthy sale ever, with discounts on pieces from Chloé, Aquazzura and 3.1 Philip Lim, to name a few of my favourite higher end brands.  NET-A-PORTER  Net-A-Porter aren't known for doing sales on the regular, but when they do it really is worth getting there quick. Things sell out so fast, so if something catches your eye it's usually best to snap it up quick! Let's just all take a moment to appreciate how gorgeous that Gold Chloé Drew bag is! <> style
What I'll Be Drinking This Christmas Eve <> It's Christmas Eve! I'm not a huge drinker, but during the holidays - especially Christmas, theres just something so cosy about sipping festive inspired cocktail and being surrounded by twinkling lights while Michael Bublé plays in the background. CHOCOLATE ORANGE COCKTAILS It's Christmas Eve! I'm not a huge drinker, but during the holidays - especially Christmas, theres just something so cosy about sipping festive inspired cocktail and being surrounded by twinkling lights while Michael Bublé plays in the background. This super quick little recipe is take on my favourite festive treat, Terry's Chocolate Orange. Who doesn't love a chocolate orange, I ask you? WHAT YOU'LL NEED 50ml (2 measures) of Baileys Chocolat Luxe 25ml (1 measure) Measure Cointreau Ice Terry's Chocolate Orange Just mix everything together, or shake over ice to get it extra frosty, and thats it! Grate some extra chocolate on top and finish with another segment of chocolate orange, because why not squeeze in as much as possible! I'll be snuggling up on the sofa with one of these tonight getting ready for the festivities tomorrow. The perfect pre-Christmas treat! And for those not so into their boozy drink, try melting a few segments of a chocolate orange into hot milk and you have yourself a tasty take on plain hot chocolate. Trust me, this is so good! Have a wonderful Christmas everyone! <> misc
What's on My Christmas List This Year <> Kicking off the festivities around these parts, I've compiled a little Christmas Wishlist of mine to share with you today! I'm not massively into gift guides (although I have one up on my channel if you're looking for a special beauty gift to give this year!) but I thought taking a peek at my own personal list would be fun! Sidenote/disclaimer, wishful thinking is playing a very big part here..ALL I WANT FOR CHRISTMAS IS.. MISSOMA MINI FANG NECKLACE - This super dainty little piece has been playing on my mind for months now! I've been way more into silver metals recently but the combination of the warm gold and the sweet little 'fang' charms on this necklace is gorgeous. It also comes in a longer version too! BELLA FREUD SIGNATURE CANDLE - Would it be an ICT Wishlist if it didn't involve a candle? All of the Bella Freud candles sound totally unique and the packaging is 10/10. This one is Incense Wood & Oud - warm, spicy and everything I love at this time of year! OLIVER BONAS PRINT - When we moved into a place with more space over a year ago now, I envisioned walls covered in prints, but its something I've yet to put much thought into. Oliver Bonas - always my go-to for gift giving, have the best little selection of pre-framed prints (already making life so much easier) and this Andy Warhol quote speaks to me on many levels. OLIVER BONAS TABLE LAMP - Who doesn't love a lamp? Particularly when it comes in polka dot form. I love these concrete base lights and I've been looking for the right one to sit on my dressing table for some time now.. SAINT LAURENT PINK BLOGGER BAG - This is where things fall slightly into the absurd. I love my little black version of this bag and think the pink one would be adorable for Spring and Summer! OLIVER BONAS COCKTAIL SET - My Christmas present to myself this year (ahem, thats totally a thing, right?) is this incredible gold and marble bar table that I've been pining over forever. I'm not a huge drinker, but what's better than mixing up a cosy cocktail on a Winter's evening and this Jigger & Spoon set from Oliver Bonas would be the perfect addition! Also not quite over the fact that 'Jigger' is actually the word for that measuring cup.. I'll show myself out. CHANEL LE CRAYON LÈVRES IN 34 NATURAL - Believe it or not this little lip pencil has been a tricky one to find. I think I've got lipsticks pretty much down for now. Please, no more! But it's lip liners that I really don't have enough of. This pinkish browny nude would be the perfect shade to wear alone or with just about any lip colour. BELLA FREUD EMBROIDERED JUMPER - Wishful thinking strikes again with this Bella Freud jumper. I know I'd wear this to death though as it checks all the boxes for me; grey, embroidered, a little bit out there.. perfect! MISSOMA MOON STUD - Another cheeky Missoma edition - I love this brand! Of course anything to do with Moons gets my instant attention these days. I'm really into mixing & matching my earrings at the moment and love that you can buy these individually to do so. There's so many beautiful studs and styles but this one has to be my favourite! A FEW LITTLE EXTRAS  As if that wasn't enough, I also have a few other bits on my Wishlist that I've listed below. I'm constantly adding to this list whenever I find something that would make a perfect gift, for myself or others. So keep checking back if you're after some Christmas  inspiration! <> style
My Five Favourite Products Of The Year <> Narrowing down my favourite beauty finds from what - lets be honest, is a hoarders paradise of different products may seem like daunting task, but it actually became incredibly simple when I started to think about the products I couldn't go a day without. Cult beauty, a site which I find myself browsing more frequently than ASOS these days (and that's saying something), invited me to share five of my favourite cult products to find my ultimate must have of the year, and I've got the cream of the beauty crop here for you today! Oskia RENAISSANCE CLEANING GEL First impressions of the Oskia Renaissance Cleansing Gel always seem to be somewhere along the lines of 'what's so special about it?' and while I could probably give you a list about as long as my arm detailing why its just that good, the reason I know it's is always going to be the cleanser for me is that I never fail to come back to it. No matter how many different skincare products I try there isn't one that I've repurchased as many times as this despite how long it actually takes me to use up a bottle, even with daily use. One pump per cleanse is seriously enough! Whenever my skin isn't looking it's best, if I feel like things are getting a little dull, or I just need a quick boost of moisture I reach for this rose scented cleanser. It's so light and gentle but really goes a long way towards brightening up and refreshing the surface of your skin. The gel is hydrating but not thick, although it's rich enough to massage in like there's no tomorrow when you're cleansing and it's make up removing abilities are unparalleled and takes off mascara like no other.  Natural skin care lovers will be please to know this is an all natural product that uses pumpkin enzymes and Vitamin A to resurface dead cells from the skins surface in a thorough but gentle way making it perfect for sensitive skin too, leaving all skin types soft, hydrating and ready for the next step of your routine.Sunday Riley LUNA SLEEPING NIGHT OIL Another skincare hero that has been a staple in my routine is the Sunday Riley Luna Sleeping Night Oil. Sunday Riley never fail to impress me with their products - I love absolutely everything they put their name to. This bright blue, retinol based oil may just be the best of the bunch though and one of those rare skincare finds that I get almost instant results with after just one night's use. Dehydration, dullness, breakouts and redness are just a handful of the problems Luna seems to fix for me, making it the ultimate pick me up. With consistent use too I've noticed just how much clearer, brighter and plumped my skin has become over time just by adding a few drops into my evening routine. Becca x Jaclyn Hill SHIMMERING SKIN PERFECTOR IN CHAMPAGNE POP I don't often fall in love with Limited Edition launches for fear of never being able to get my hands on them again, but when Becca teamed up with Jaclyn Hill to create the Pressed Shimmering Skin Perfector in Champagne Pop I knew it was going to be good. So good in fact, that it's now part of the permanent collection - everyone breathe a sigh of relief! Everything I loved about the super smooth, highly pigmented formula of the Shimmering Skin Perfector range, combined with the richest shade of warm, champagne peach made for an instant favourite in the highlighting department with all other contenders forgotten for good. Huda Beauty LIQUID MATTE I think it's safe to say 2016 has well and truly been the year of liquid lipsticks and there's no doubt that I am firmly on that bandwagon. Long lasting, matte colour that's easy to apply and never smudges - a.k.a a bold lip lovers idea of heaven, my liquid lip collection nearly outweighs my now 'old fashioned' stash OG lipsticks. The Huda Beauty Matte Lips in Bombshell is my favourite for an everyday neutral. Who'd have thought I'd be here professing my love for a nude lip over a red one - but it's happening. I'm officially a convert and I think this shade has had something to do with it. It's one of those highly coveted 'your lips but better' colours with just the right hint of pink to be incredibly flattering to fairer skin tones and now remains a constant in the bottom of my handbag thanks to its awesome staying powder. Ouai HAIR OIL One of the most exciting beauty moments this year for me came in the form of Ouai hair care. From the sleek minimal packaging to the simple range of products I was all over this launch when it hit the site. Everything I've tried just works so well but my favourite discovery to date has been the Hair Oil.  My hair hasn't been in the best shape recently. The blonder I've gotten the more moisture it's been craving and an oil has been an absolute must when it comes to styling. Most days I just run a pump of this through the ends and go. It smells dreamy, is light enough not to weigh down fine hair texture and keeps any brittle ends super soft and manageable. Five amazing products that I couldn't be without. I really do reach for these every single day and choosing just one for my Cult Product of the Year seems like an impossible task, but when it comes down to it, the Oskia Renaissance Cleansing Gel has to be one of the greatest and most loved beauty products ever. We all know I love a good bit of skincare! <> beauty
Silk For Your Skin <> Clinique's Superbalanced range and I go way, way back. It was my first high end foundation purchase - one that I mulled over for weeks, checking back to my local counter for samples until I finally decided to take the plunge. Since then foundations have come and gone, but I've always come back to my first choice. One that I know I can count when I need my skin to look great. SKIN LIKE SILK Flash back to the present and Clinique have updated the original formula with the new Superbalanced Silk Makeup - all my favourite parts of the original with some new and innovative extras thrown in. As the name suggests its still an incredibly intelligent balancing foundation, hydrating dry areas and keeping oily patches at bay at the same time, making it an all rounder for skin types and perfect for tricky combination skin! The texture really does resemble silk too - it even has real silk built into the formula! It glides onto skin effortlessly with minimal buffing and blending needed   achieve a flawless look, and the finish resembles something very close to naturally matte skin, as well as injecting a tonne of glowing radiance that lasts all day long without having to worry about about product slipping around or becoming overly shiny. The coverage on offer is impressive for such a light weight feeling foundation, enough for me to skip the majority of concealing around the face as it evens out tone and hides red patches - my biggest skin concern, well enough to use alone. At the same time though I also like to use a minimal amount and sheer it out for a super natural look that let's a little of my natural skin shine through. Choosing the right amount of cover for you is made easy with Clinique's Buff Brush that combines short dense bristles and long sparse ones, making it super easy to build up coverage or sheer out formulas with one beautiful tool. Flawless, long lasting and silky smooth - it checks all the boxes I have when looking for a new foundation as well as containing SPF 15 for some added protection when wearing through the day!  <> beauty
The Three Best Apps For Instagram <> Instagram has always been my favourite form of social media within the few I find myself checking every day. I love photography and beautiful images so it's no doubt I end up refreshing my feed endlessly. Of course when it comes to my own profile I'm incredibly picky about the photos I upload - as I am with so many other things in life! It's taken me a long time to get the process down but I now have a set of steps that I follow each time I edit a photo that ensures they all fit together and satisfy my perfection driven little brain! Of course, my photos would be nothing without the apps they're edited on and there are three in particular that I couldn't be without.. VSCOCAM Starting with the obvious, VSCOCam is my go-to when first approaching an edit. Although there are an array of editing tools on offer from Exposure and Contrast to Saturation and Sharpening, I actually find these far too bulky and not precise enough to really fine tune a photo. Instead I skip straight to the filters and leave the colour correction for later. A lot of apps offer different filters, but I find VSCOcam has the most aesthetically pleasing options available, whether you're after something bright and vibrant, dark and moody or a more akin to real film, they all make such a difference but are subtle enough not to detract from there photo itself. It's definitely worth paying a little extra to get the full set of filters, as there are so many more variations on offer than the original set you're given with the app. My favourites come from the H, S and F families but I really only stick to using one or two for more cohesion within my feed. My biggest gripe with the application of the filters is that you can only add one per image, but I like to get around this by saving the photo and re-uploading it again to run through the process a second time - although I wouldn't recommend doing this more than twice as you're photo is likely to lose quality the more times it's saved. FACE TUNE Believe it or not, I use Facetune for just about everything other than tuning my face. It's the app I spend the most time with and the one that I find really makes a difference in the final outcome of my pictures. There are just so many incredibly useful things that it has to offer and the one app that I would liken most to using an actual photoshop programme thanks to it's 'finger scrubbing' action that allows you to select precisely which parts of the photo you want to edit, change or apply filters to. The most used and most talked about is definitely the 'Whiten' tool. This is great for taking out stubborn yellow tones on white backgrounds, removing small shadows and reducing saturation from overly bright objects. The 'Smooth' tool works incredibly well at removing grainy areas from images taken in low light and 'Details' helps to sharpen text on product shots that might otherwise be too blurry or washed out to read while 'Patch' is the best for taking away stray marks on clothes, imperfections in a background or even removing the odd toe that might have sneaked in while photographing a flat lay. My favourite and most used part of Face Tune though are the 'Filters'. I think this actually gets completely overlooked by most as the layout may lead you to believe it's just another set of coloured overlays à la VSCOcam, but actually it's the 'Lighting' part that I find absolutely invaluable. We all know I like a nice bright Instagram photo, and this tool allows you to scrub over any dark areas or shadows or brighten the entire photo on a level from 1-100, as well as giving you the option to darken certain areas that have become too over exposed. MOSAICO  Finally, this is the one where I put it all together. Although there may be an eye roll or two when it comes to the subject of planning your Instagram feed I think it's so important in creating balance to at least have an idea what to put where. The perfectionist inside me has deleted so many photos almost as soon as they were uploaded as it's only when everything comes together that it's easier to notice what doesn't quite fit. Mosaico is the app that all of you pedantic planners have been missing in your life. It allows you to import photos into a grid identical to Instagram and the best bit of all - you can actually drag and drop images into place, letting you to fiddle around with positioning for hours on end without having to constantly import and delete pictures.  There's also the option to go into a 'ghost mode' where you can temporarily preview the removal of an existing photo in your feed if things just aren't looking right or you're considering taking out a post that isn't working!  I just love the entire layout of the app. It's well designed, works smoothly and although there's not much else too it, the idea it's based on is so simple that it's become such a useful tool for me in planning when to post. Although some may like to take photos on a camera before importing into your app of choice, I like to stick to phone quality images as after all, that's what Instagram was originally all about. That doesn't have to mean skimping out on picture quality though. I've been using the iPhone SE for all my snaps on the go recently and love the way they look. Plus, it comes in rose gold and is just about the most beautiful thing ever! If you're a big traveller and love to Instagram wherever you go I'd also highly recommend looking into your data plan. Wifi spots, although common, never seem to be exactly where you want them, but with Three's Feel At Home service you can actually use your regular internet allowance to upload whatever you fancy without having to worry about a huge bill at the end of the month! <> misc
Gucci Bamboo <> Scent is a very special thing. It can comfort, uplift, evoke long lost memories and most importantly empower you. Stepping out the door without a fragrance is like forgetting the finishing accessories with an outfit, or a skipping a final slick of lipstick. There's just something missing without it. Scent is a very special thing. It can comfort, uplift, evoke long lost memories and most importantly empower you. Stepping out the door without a fragrance is like forgetting the finishing accessories with an outfit, or a skipping a final slick of lipstick. There's just something missing without it. Finding the right fragrance is the tricky thing, of course. Hundreds of sweet, sour, fruity or floral notes in a thousand different combinations. How do you know when you've discovered the one? For me it's an instant feeling. A sudden rush when a scent makes contact with skin to create an incredibly personal aroma that fills your entire head with joy. The scents I love range from deep and musky to soft and sweet, but a really pure, clean fragrance is one that I've always searched for. Gucci Bamboo is a combinations of notes that I've come to know well in various other perfumes, but never together. Sparkling Citruses in the top notes remind me of holidays in the Mediterranean, fragrant petals of Lily and Ylang Ylang in the heart radiate a floral bouquet and warm Sandalwood and Tahitian Vanilla finish up the base with an inviting twist. Wrapped up into one these form a crisp, clean scent with the softest of musky undertones. The notes create a ripple of different textures as the fragrance adapts from feminine and light upon first application, to something a little more sensual as it moves through to the night. Perfect to wear when you want to shifts moods in the evening while still hinting at your favourite day time scent. The Eau de Toilette is the lighter sister of the original Eau De Parfum. It's more intense and vibrant attitude plays on the stronger side of scent and has the potential to evoke even more confidence in the wearer. For me the EDT is my perfect scent. It's a fun and playful fragrance with the power to draw out a confident side that you may not have otherwise known was lurking underneath. It's a trait that we all have deep down inside us - some more than others, but one that we should all aspire to use to it's fullest, and with the help of the right perfume, that's one step closer. <> beauty
Summer Denim <> In my wardrobe a good outfit revolves around a good pair of jeans. Denim is a staple for me whether its black skinny jeans in Winter (who am I kidding, black skinny jeans all year round), a bleached boyfriend fit for Spring or ripped cut offs in Summer.. I love it all. DENIM LOVER In my wardrobe a good outfit revolves around a good pair of jeans. Denim is a staple for me whether its black skinny jeans in Winter (who am I kidding, black skinny jeans all year round), a bleached boyfriend fit for Spring or ripped cut offs in Summer.. I love it all.  One of my first ports of call for denim is always Topshop. They do just about every cut, colour and style a girl could ask for. My current favourite fit are the Mom jeans, I've been obsessed with this high waisted, slightly slouchy but structured style and these light wash distressed pair are the perfect Summer piece for me!  Mom jeans are probably the easiest thing to take from super casual to put together in an instant just by adding a pair of heels. Together with this cropped, striped, off the shoulder bardot top - another style I'm way too into at the moment, and a little black bag this is actually one of my favourite outfits for cool July days.  I've put together a wishlist below of some of my favourite jeans Topshop have to offer this season and there's a whole lot of embroidery, white denim and ripped up knees going on. Never did I think that a pair of floral embroidered jeans would be calling my name past the age of twelve, but this questionable trend from my youth is coming back around whether you like it or not, and I have to say, I really do! <> style
Starting Your Day With The Right Skincare <> I'm going to be blunt - mornings are hard for me. Waking up to the sound of an alarm is one of my least favourite things in the world and I really, really don't enjoy extracting myself from the fluffy warm comfort of bed. Inevitably though life has to go on, deadlines need to be met and the day has to be started and over the years of trying desperately to become a morning person there are a few little tricks I've picked up that really help to make a difference.  No-brainer steps like fuelling yourself properly for the day by opting for a more filling and nutritious breakfast than a bowl of sugary cereals or a slice of dry toast as you run out the door always makes a difference, and getting in a little endorphin releasing exercise to help convince yourself that being up before the sun has even risen is a good thing is one of the go to options for many. Before any of this takes place for me though, my first port of call is always skincare. SUPERSTART YOUR SKIN There's something very soothing about taking five minutes out of your morning routine to actually spend time with your skin. I've certainly been guilty of the quick wash, moisturise and go drill more then a few times, but when I actually give myself a chance to get in a proper skincare routine, not only my face but my mind always feel a lot clearer.  When reaching for products in the morning I like to think smart. What can be quick and simple but do the best for my skin? Cleansing of course comes first and although wake up washes might seem most appealing for an easy option, my dry skin prefers something a lot more moisturising like a balm cleanser. Emulsifying formulas are your friend when you have a tight turnaround as they contain all the benefits of a oil based cleanser but can be washed away without the faff of having to find a fresh muslin cloth.  Then comes the layering of products for hydration. Oils, serums, creams and lotions - there's a whole lot to think about. Adding in yet another product may seem counter productive to keeping skincare simple but when that one product actually boosts the efficiency of all the others added on top it can be worth it to reach for one more thing.  The Elizabeth Arden SuperSTART Skin Renewal Booster is just such a product. A silky light textured kick start for your skincare that can be smoothed straight onto clean skin to maximise the potential of your other favourites.  The genius little product works on the skin's surface layer to strengthen the moisture barrier that keeps in the radiance. A damaged surface layer can play havoc with your skin's ability to glow. Moisture can't be retained and for those who fall into the dry skin category like myself the effects of this can be felt even more with dull lifeless skin that just doesn't look healthy.  I noticed a difference even after the very first use of SuperSTART after following with a serum and moisturiser as normal. My skin had honestly never felt smoother or more plumped which also translated into some breezy make up application - another bonus for keeping my mornings running smoothly. The long term effects after consistent use have definitely been an evening of my skin tone, and whether that's down to SuperSTART working magic on it's own or allowing my regular set up of products to work to the fullest unhindered, I'm seriously enjoying the results. <> beauty
Wearing White In Winter <> A HOW TO ON WEARING WHITE There's no denying that its absolutely freezing outside at the moment, and the fact that I'm sans jacket in these photos is either a near miracle or bordering on stupidity. I'll go with the former. As much as I love Autumn/Winter style; layering, dark colours and a whole lot of knitwear, it gets to this time of year where I start to miss putting together an outfit without having to consider which coat I'll be paring it with. Wearing lighter shades is also something I've been missing a lot and although, lets face it, I'd be more than happy wearing an all black outfit 99% of the year, I still like to dabble in the occasional pop or colour. White can be a particularly hard shade to pull off in the colder seasons. I had a love affair with wearing nothing but back in Summer, and my wardrobe is still littered with floaty white dresses that I'd just love to be wearing right now. White in Winter though tends to work best when its reserved for knitwear and this funnel jumper from Topshop is one of my favourite throw on pieces at the moment. Its thick, warm and with it's 'not-quite-a-polo-neck' its a lot less bulky than some of the other roll neck knitwear in my collection. Paired together with some Farleigh jeans from Asos, my favourite for a high waist, cropped ankle and - sharp inhale of breath here, knee rips (I just don't really think light denim is complete without them) and my first flats of the year and you've got yourself a Winter appropriate look with just a sniff of Spring in the air. A RED LIP Normally I wouldn't pair a red lip with something white but in Winter it just seems to work. I could talk your ear off about all the reds in my collection, but this is the one that's been on my lips and coincidentally, in the bottom of my handbag repeatedly at the moment. I've mentioned my love for Tom Ford Matte Lipsticks a whole lot in the past, and the shade Ruby Rush from the collection is the perfect red red. Its not blue toned, its not orange or pink. Its just red.  I'm sure a few of you are sitting there scripting your heads right now, but trust me, this is a lipstick to suit all. The formula is also one of the most pigmented I've ever come across and just the right amount of matte to not be drying but still give a velvety smooth finish. <> style
A Swoon Worthy Diptyque Candle <> No matter what shape or size Diptyque candles may come in, my love or them really knows no bounds. They've become one of my favourite items to collect and pop around the house in any nook that needs something special. Therefore, whenever a new limited edition candle comes out I more than often jump at the chance to add it to my little collection, and when I saw the sickly sweet pink packaging of Diptyque's newest launch Rosa Viola - a special collaboration with Franco-British designer... ROSA VIOLA No matter what shape or size Diptyque candles may come in, my love or them really knows no bounds. They've become one of my favourite items to collect and pop around the house in any nook that needs something special. Therefore, whenever a new limited edition candle comes out I more than often jump at the chance to add it to my little collection, and when I saw the sickly sweet pink packaging of Diptyque's newest launch Rosa Viola - a special collaboration with Franco-British designer, Olympia Le-Tan adorned with red lips and everything, I spent a little longer than usual lingering around the candle section in Space NK.  Clearly someone took note of this, as come Valentine's day I was presented with a bag full of goodies which, alongside an iced vanilla late and novelty kitten stickers - that boy knows me well, included a neatly wrapped parcel which I opened to find this inside!  The first thing that hits you when opening any box housing a Diptyque candle is the scent. They're so highly fragranced that even without burning, if you're sitting next to one you're going to be smelling it. Rosa Viola is quite different from most Diptyque offerings with notes of roses, lipstick and the subtle warmth of leather all designed to come together to smell like the inside of a woman's handbag. Note: this is definitely not what my poor bag smells like.  To me it's sweet and feminine with a warm and inviting edge that prevents it from becoming too sickly. After walking into a room in which this had been burning for a few hours you'll be greeted with the cosy but fresh scent of roses which when combined with the more unusual additional notes makes for an intoxicating aroma.  <> misc
Hello, It's I Covet Thee 4.0! <> Hello, it's me! Seriously, are we going to be able to get through 2016 without immediately assuming that's an Adele reference..? So you're probably noticing things are a little different around these parts! This is actually the fourth time I've given I Covet Thee a revamp in it's soon to be five years of existence. We've now got bigger images, more ways for you to interact with the site and, fingers crossed if my novice coding skills have all worked out, easier navigation! You may have also have noticed that this is the first time I've published a post in around three months. If there's one thing I've learnt from having this space for nearly half a decade is that it's okay to take a break from time to time, in fact at some points it's even necessary. ICT 4.0 Last year definitely wasn't my favourite of the handful I've been given and my motivation and creativity took a spiralling downfall because of that. Better to miss a few posts about new lipsticks than burn out altogether though I'd say! It feels so good to be typing away again and the words are flowing freely! I guess now would be as good a time as any to make a little dedication to, you the readers of ICT, and do a little housekeeping while I'm at it too. I've realised I'm never going to be the blogger that posts on a daily basis. I have no idea how some of you out there do it, I'm literally in awe! Instead I think a schedule of a few times a week are what's going to suit this place the best, and in those posts I want to make it really worth your while to have clicked on them! After a few months of playing around with video scheduling I've also decided to have a little shake up. Sunday mornings and Friday evenings will now be the time and place for uploads and you may even occasionally see a sneaky vlog or two popping up on a Wednesday evening. Believe it or not I haven't actually picked up my vlogging camera since December and it's something I'm itching to do again soon!  My last port of call here is actually to open the floor to you! What do you want to see from ICT in 2016? What have been your favourite posts to date and also which topics take your fancy the most? Your input means so much to me, so have a good think, and I'll see you again next week! <> misc
Taking You Through My Skincare Routine <> By now I'm sure you're all well aware of my love for skincare - seriously, give me a cup of tea and a box of products and I will chat to you about them for hours. More recently I've been favouring a more laid back approach to my routine, missing out a few steps that aren't always necessary and using just a handful of products that I know work for me. Also, as we're now in the coldest part of the year I'm having to deal with a complete lack of moisture - dry skin people, ya feel me, so I've had to pick products that are basically the equivalent of dipping my head in a bucket of water every five minutes! I've managed the impossible though (in my product hoarding head anyway) and skimmed my routine down to just five essential products that I use daily: cleaning oil, eye make up remover, cleansing balm, moisturiser and eye cream. Then there's a few extras that I like to throw in every so often when I feel like my skin needs it - something for extra dry days, something pore un-clogging and something exfoliating for when my face decided to look as flat as a pancake. I've been enjoying this prescriptive approach to my routine and hope there's something to be taken from it for anyone looking to get into skincare without having to accumulate a mountain of products! <> beauty
Autumn Smokey Make Up Using the Lorac Pro Palette <> AUTUMNAL SMOKEY EYE A lot of the time Autumn make up looks tend to be all about dark lips, which, don't get me wrong I'm totally in favour of, but as well as making the most of berry toned products this season I've also been opting for a Fall inspired dusky nude, the likes of which even Kylie Jenner would be proud of. Enter two MAC lipsticks I never thought I'd own but two that I'm totally enjoying using nonetheless, Velvet Teddy and Mehr. Pair with a slightly vampy matte brown smokey eye courtesy of the Lorac Pro Palette - something you seriously need to consider adding to your US beauty shopping list, and some fresh looking skin and you've got an Autumn look that I can't get enough of at the moment.	<> beauty
This Week: Feeling Autumnal <> Are you bored of my harping on about how much I'm loving Autumn yet? No, didn't think so! I've spent my weekends recently (and in fact, any time I leave the house) wrapped up in layer upon layer of jumpers, scarves and coats - I'm definitely one of those people who always feels the cold! I've been living in this Zara black number since I bought it and love how easy it is to pair with practically every outfit. Plus it's super cosy and has pockets deep enough to hide half your arm! Last Sunday I had an irrevocable craving for pancakes. I went to Twitter and even asked Instagram for your recommendations for a good pancake place in the South, but came up short. I wouldn't say I live in the complete middle of nowhere, but it definitely feels like that at times! Still determined though, we went for a drive and ended up at Josie's cafe in the sleepy little village of Bishops Waltham, a place that I've visited a few times before and one that I'd be willing to debate makes the best coffee in the South! To my stomachs great relief there were pancakes on the menu, and when the plates arrived (we foolishly ordered two portions - don't do this!) there were absolutely stacked with the thickest, fluffiest pancakes my greedy eyes had ever seen. Suffice to say I did not finish my stack, not even half and a walk around the back streets were very much in order to work off the mountain of calories consumed in one sitting! <> lifestyle
What's In My Bag: Autumn Edition <> Fancy another root around in my handbag this afternoon? I thought so! This burgundy across body satchel from Kurt Geiger is one of my favourites to date and the perfect colour and size to be my go-to Autumn carry all. Of course you'll find the usual suspects in there - keys, phone charger, more lip products than one person could ever need in a day (although you'll be surprised at the number I pulled out this time around!) but I've had to make a few space saving substitutions and in turn have learnt that we don't all need to be Mary Poppins when it comes to bag packing this season! <> lifestyle
Suede on Black <> Since my little wardrobe make over last week I've been fully embracing the Autumn colour palette. The crisp snap in the air is very welcome and I'm starting to feel super festive as we get closer to a handful of my favourite holidays! This suede skirt from New Look has become one of my favourite seasonal pieces, and when paired with a black turtle neck, also New Look, throws out some slight seventies vibes that I'm totally okay with.  With a leather jacket thrown on to toughen things up a little - this sale find from Urban Outfitters has become my new best friend, while also keeping in the warmth makes this one of my go-to looks right now and one where I'm definitely making the most of short lengths and tights before it gets really chilly and I'll be wanting to wear nothing but jeans and thick coats! <>  style
Autumn Style Picks <>  My favourite season is upon us and I couldn't wait to get stuck into curating this year's Autumn wardrobe! Most of my new additions this month have come from the highstreet, with Zara, Topshop and Whistles all seriously upping their cold-weather wear to the point where it was a struggle not to walk away with the entire store - although I did make it out of Zara with not one but two Winter coats! <> style
My Most Used Products in September <> It feels like only yesterday I was writing a post and titling it 'August Favourites' but here we are a whole month later (and then some actually..) with September's round up! This marks the third to last instalment before we'll be saying hello to January again, and is mostly made up of the very last scraps of Summer in my beauty routine including a bright coral lipstick that screams sunshine and a fragrance that reminds me of holidays from this year. Enjoy! <> beauty
My Go-To Budget Friendly Make Up Look <>  I always find people's everyday make up routines an interesting one - reaching for on something a daily basis without even thinking about it really is the mark of a great product, and as I've recently been going for a few more budget friendly options when getting ready in the morning I thought I'd go all out and make my latest update on an everyday look an entirely drugstore one! <> misc
What I Picked Up From The US <> So this one has been a long time coming! Back in July (has it really been that long!?) I spent a week in California and took full advantage of the U.S. beauty shopping situation. From practically living in Sephora to the brands that we just can't get on this side of the pond I certainly did my bit for the economy! Considering I bought an almost obscene amount I thought I'd wait a while to show you what I picked up so I had a proper chance to test everything out and give you my thoughts, little did I know that we'd end up with a twenty-six minute beauty haul though.. oops! <> beauty
A Lazy Girl's Guide to Tanning <> Apart from the one glorious day of sunshine we had a few weekends back where I successfully burnt my shoulders to a crisp (cut out dresses are not to be trusted) I'd be willing to bet that the warm weather won't be making an appearance again until next year now. Sadly, I've remained the same pasty hue all Summer long, thanks to my skin's refusal to become the bronzed godess I want it to be while also keeping on top of SPF application. Faking it has become a whole lot easier these days though and it's an option I'll always pick over risking my skin in the Sun, so I though I'd share my 'so-simple-its-barely-a-routine' tanning routine with you today!  As far as fake tan and I go, it's taken many years of orange patches, mistakes and tears to get it right and find the products that work well for me. First of all, my absolute Holy Grail tan in the mix; St Tropez Express Bronzing Mousse. The Lazy Girl's dream. Just pop this all over for an hour to three - depending on how dark you want to be, rinse off and go. The thing I hate most about fake tan is having to sleep in it (my poor white bed sheets will back me up here) and the Express Tan eliminates this altogether. The colour, as always with St Tropez, is just the right balance between warm toned and olive so there's never any orange nightmares with this one.  For top ups, I've been reaching for the In Shower Gradual Tanner*, also from St Tropez. This product really is a revelation, and one that I'm still trying to get my head around. You pop into the shower, wet your skin and then apply a layer of this thick lotion all over. Leave for three minutes (I find playing some music is essential for timing this!) and then rinse away and pat dry. There's no guide colour left on the skin, no sticky texture and a few hours later you will have magically developed a golden sheen. The formula is definitely gradual, so if you're using this one alone it might take a few days to get a deeper colour, but it's the perfect product for topping up inbetween! Usually I leave my face alone and compensate with extra bronzer, but on the occasion I want to go make up free without worrying about matching my skin to my neck, I use the Elemis Total Glow Bronzing Moisturiser For Face* (I'm also a fan of the version for body!). On it's own this works well as a light weight moisturiser and after a few uses adds a touch of colour to my complexion. So far this has yet to break me out once - a big factor to think about when choosing a facial tanner, so it's one I know I can rely on for some subtle warmth underneath my make up! <> beauty
August Favourites <> One more month down and one step closer to The Big C in December - I know we're all thinking it by now! August has seen the end of Summer, Autumnal fashion hitting the shops and most importantly, a host of new beauty favourites for me to chat about! I've definitely made some exciting discoveries this month, from a foundation that I can't stop raving about to a hair care combo that I'm prepared to promote to Holy Grail status - they're just that good. Enjoy! <> beauty
Charlotte Tilbury Magic Foundation: An Exciting New Launch <> Back in July - which seems like absolutely years ago now, I headed to London for the afternoon for the launch of Charlotte Tilbury's new Magic Foundation*. You may have caught a few snippets on Instagram (I also vlogged the day too which you can see here), but I wanted to wait until the product had actally launched to really spill the beans on just how good this is. Believe me, it's been a hard one to keep in!  While this may not be the first foundation from the brand it's one that's been almost five years in the making, going back and forth between Charlotte herself and the labs in order to perfect the formula until it was exactly what she wanted. Listening to Charlotte talk about this process and what she tries to achieve with all her products is absolutely fascinating and I don't think I've ever met someone so truly enthusiastic about make up and the effect it can have on our confidence. First of all the coverage really is something to talk about. It's amazing. Whether you're applying with fingers or the specially designed Magic Complexion Brush*, it's a fool proof one for perfect skin without any of the heaviness you might expect from something that looks so flawless. It feels comfortable and sticks around for a long, long time and although the end result is a glowing luminous finish, it sets down to a velvety texture meaning there's no need to powder. It's just one of those products you know you can trust to work when it's needed, and I've been absolutely obsessed with it since first use! I've also collaborated with Charlotte to create a Pinterest board (hands up, who else is addicted?) for the launch of her Magic Foundation, full of inspiring images, quotes an ladies we both love! Best of all, there's a chance for one of you to win The Gift of Goddess Skin set from the brand and all you have to do is create you're own board following the instructions below. Good luck! <> beauty
A Simple Step That Gets Me Up In The Morning <> Amongst all of my unfortunate bad habits - being untidy, never volunteering to do the dishes and staying up later than I should, not waking up in the morning is one of the worst. I've been through practically every alarm tone my iPhone has to offer and still have yet to find something that properly rouses me out of my coma-like state of sleep. Then, once I do regain consciousness, the next hour is usually spent staring blankly into space trying to figure out where I am and what I'm supposed to be doing. Enter the Aromatherapy Associates Revive Oil*. I've had this gathering dust in the back of my bathroom cupboard for months, but as I'm not a particularly big bath taker it's so far gone mostly unused. The smell of this though is enough to get my things working again so I've been pouring a few drops onto the floor of my shower and letting the steam do it's work. The whole room get's filled with the scent of rosemary mingled with sharp grapefruit which does wonders at kicking the sluggishness and getting my brain back into gear! <> misc
The Date Night: A Red Inspired Get Ready With Me <>  I've been itching to share this video with you for so long and that moment is finally here! Last weekend Darren and I went on a date with a difference. Instead of just settling for our usual haunts (our local Nando's and cinema), we dressed up in our Sunday best and went to the beautiful and much more elegant Hotel du Vin in Winchester. I've been working in collaboration with Estée Lauder and Modern Muse Le Rouge* which, from the first sniff I knew was going to become a favourite! The scent is rich and comforting with notes of vanilla and musk melded together with a sweeter edge of rose and raspberry for a juicy afterthought. I absolutely love it and along with the beautiful packaging makes for the perfect Date Night fragrance.  Red as a colour has always appealed to me - hello, have you seen my lipstick collection? and I was inspired by Le Rouge to go all out with an absolutely stunning dress from Coast and red heels to match! Roses are also some of my favourite flowers so a bunch delivered to my door pre-date was a lovely start to the evening. We ordered cocktails, chatted until the restaurant was deserted and had a wonderful evening that I can't wait to repeat again! <> lifestyle
The Week: Catching Up <> I think it would be fair to say that this little space of the internet has suffered quite a bit of neglect in the recent months after possibly the most jam packed few weeks I've had to date! After getting back from L.A. at the end of July (that seems like so long ago now!) I went straight back into travelling and took a week out for some family time in the South of Wales. No 3G, very little internet and the being in the best company made for a perfect getaway by the beach and coming back down and falling into my usual schedule after two amazing weeks away from home has been tough! Back to reality it has been though and I've been hopping back and forth between London and home on a weekly basis now, which after a two hour train journey there and back has left very little time for much else. Making the move up there is now a debate I have with myself on a daily basis! I also spent yesterday at V Festival in Chelmsford which luckily turned out to be the one sunny day in a handful of rainy ones, hanging out with some of my favourite girls and taking in some great music. Although we didn't stay late enough to catch everyone (the secret Kasabian fangirl inside me definitly shed a tear at missing them!) we managed to catch some amazing acts. Next week is a fresh start and a clean state though and I plan to dedicate most of it to reorganizing my life, starting as that usually does with my ridiculous floordrobe. Hello, my name is Alix and I am messy. I ordered Marie Kondo's 'The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying' after seeing so many rave reviews about how it is, indeed, life changing. Let's hope so anyway as a tidy home leads to a tidy mind and hopefully a much more consistent approach to producing content for you all! I've started with a set of step-ladder shelves I picked up from Ikea last week and already feel slightly more at peach with my overflowing amount of mostly needless possessions. I feel an extreme clear out coming! <> lifestyle
July Favourites <> Excuse the monthly cliché of pointing out how quickly the last four weeks have gone by, but seriously.. what happened to July!? One minute I'm rounding off the last part of #ICovetJune (playlist here if you're still not caught up) and the next it's August and I'm left wondering where the last thirty-one days have vanished to.  I've been living in different time zones and out of a suitcase for most of the month - no doubt a key factor in my confusion, leaving beauty as less of a priority and more of a space saving issue. It's been all about the multi-tasking products! Because of that, I've switched up my usual favourites routine and picked out just five of my most used and most loved products from July. Those favouring something on the less simple side, fear not.. with the amount off stuff I brought back with me on said trips, I can guaranteed you'll be in for an extremely long winded one next month! <> beauty
This Week: Seven Days in L.A. <> Warning: this post is currently being written under the influence of some serious jet lag. Rambling and senselessness may ensue..  After a whirlwind seven days in L.A. - and two eleven hour flights that I'd honestly quite like to forget, I'm finally back in the UK! Over the week I definitely embraced the US a lot more than I thought I would; the weather was beautiful, the people were lovely and the coffee came extra large. Our first three days were filled with meetings, panels and parties at Vidcon, which flew by so quickly I barely had time to register how amazing it was to be a part of such a massive community. It's always so overwhelming when I get to see the other side of the camera, and the people that actually take the time to watch and support my videos! Then came the shopping. I ran into the first Sephora I saw like a child in a candy shop and didn't come out empty handed. An instant upgrade to VIB may have even happened.. Trust me, I won't be buying any more make up for a long, long time to come! At the moment I'm trying to figure out how to break a haul down into manageable chunks, rather than throwing everything into one thirty minute ramble-fest (unless thats actually something you'd all like to see - answers on a postcard below!) so expect there to be a few videos coming up on my US purchases soon! On the weekend we took an Uber to Santa Monica where we pottered around some more shops, eyed up bags in Kate Spade (where another sneaky purchase may have been made..) and took a stroll along the pier while I snapped as many photos of palm trees as I physically could manage! I went with the full intention of vlogging the whole trip, but definitely forgot to pick up my camera on more than one occasion thanks to the insane schedule we kept to. I'm looking forward to sitting down this week and putting together the clips that I have into something fun for you to watch! It was a great week, surrounded by some of my favourite people. L.A., I miss you already! <> misc
Mid-Year Beauty Round Up: Make Up & Skincare Favourites <> Rounding up the best in beauty has become a bit of a yearly thing now and I usually dedicate the first few days of January to trolling through a years worth of monthly favourite videos (see the playlist here if you fancy doing the same!) in order to pick out the best of the best from the whole twelve months. As we've just reached August though (can you believe it!?) I thought I'd revisit the same format of video but look back at how things have changed over the last six months. Not surprisingly, quite a few things have remained the same, but I've also discovered some new life-long favourites and changed my mind about a few old ones! <> beauty
New Skincare Additions <>  Let's talk about skincare! I've cemented myself a pretty solid routine of products that I love and work for me, but there's always room to try something a little different and pop in a few more summer appropriate products - aka, things that parent me from melting in the heat. From SPF to a super refreshing toning spray - there's a lot of new things I've been testing out, so grab a cuppa' and enjoy! <> beauty
Packing For a Week in L.A.! <> The wait is finally over and the trip to L.A. I've been talking about for so long is here! Next week I'll be boarding a plane in preparation for and eleven hour flight (gulp) and by Wednesday afternoon I'll be setting foot in the U.S. for the first time! Facing the task of packing for a week away in a climate a whole lot warmer than my usual was quite the daunting task, but I've broken it down into some easier to swallow chunks that have not only made the process a little less overwhelming for myself, but may come in handy for any others struggling to pack for a trip away! <> lifestyle
What's In My Bag: Whistle Fleet Tote <> What's In My Bag videos are not only my favourite to watch but also to film and this one actually marks the fifth instalment of rummaging around in the depths of my handbag! I try to make one every time a new bag comes in to my life, and this thing of beauty - a.k.a. the Blue Fleet Tote from Whistles, is certainly one of my favourites to date. You know the drill by now, I go through the contents of my bag from the useful (purse, phone charger, sunglasses) to the not so necessary (more lip products than I can count on one hand..) and in the process wonder how on earth my arm hasn't fallen off from carrying around so much on a daily basis! <> style
Make Up Haul & First Impressions <> I think we all know the drill by now - I got spendy in the make up aisles and have a pile of goodies to show for it! Instead of a usual chatty haul however, I decided to try out the products I picked up and give you my first impressions of them as we go! Basically, the title of this video should have been 'watch me play with make up' and I have to say, I was pretty impressed with how well everything lived up to my expectations.. <> misc
Clinique Pop Lips <> Last month I stopped by the Clinique Pop Lips stand in Bluewater (incidentally my first visit - my god how huge is that place!?) to have a play with some of the new Pop Lip Lipsticks and take my own #LipPic! The girls manning the stand were so lovely and picked out the bright pink Wow Pop as the shade for me - what can I say I love a pink lip, then proceeded to let me loose on the photo booth!  Sadly my #LipPic wasn't as good as the lovely Sam's from Edinburgh who won Clinique's competition for her #LipPics to be featured in Cosmopolitan magazine next month, which you can see below.. how cool is that heart!? But I had fun pouting away nonetheless! The lipsticks themselves are super pigmented, hydrating and long lasting, with the built in primer keeping your colour around for as long as possible. The soft peachy Melon Pop* has become my go-to for an everyday lip, while Poppy Pop* is up there as one of the best glossy reds I've ever found and I've even been pulling out the deep wine tinted Berry Pop* for a different take on a bold Summer lip!  <> beauty
Two Kiehl's Products I'm Loving <> My love for Kiehl's has been well documented in the past, to point where if I'm not featuring the brand in a monthly favourites video, something must be up. I really can't get enough of their products and the two newest additions to my collection are no exception. The Micro Blur Skin Perfector and Clearly Corrective Dark Circle Perfector* both interestingly sit somewhere between make up and skincare. The first is hands down one of the best pore-disguising primers I've ever tried, with a beautiful silky formula that evens out skin texture enough to be used on make up free days to make things look a little softer, as well as under foundation to help with a smoother application while bumping up the lasting power of whatever is being used on top. As far as the skincare benefits go, the addition of Salicylic Acid and other skin-inclinded ingredients promise to reduce the appearance of pores altogether - a bold claim, as I find most products never come close to tackling the less than desirable large pores I have on my cheeks. I'm yet to see a difference in my actual skin, but the hope that this will eventually show those the door has me reaching for it on a daily basis. The Dark Circle Perfector has also been an absolutely HG item for me (to the point where I practically hear angels singing as I reach for it in the morning) in disguising those little purple/blue bags that come with being a life-long member of the dark circle club. Whether this is a concealer or an eye cream I still can't wrap my brain around, but it does the job of both by moisturising enough to soften dehydration lines and leave my under eyes feeling fresh while, with just one small dot, erasing the majority of the darkness. Sadly, this is only a quick fix as the effects wash off at the end of the day but it's entirely replaced my need for correctors pre-concealer application. Two skincare/make up hybrids that definitely get my seal of approval! What's your favourite Kiehl's product? <> beauty
June Favourites <> So we've made it six months into the year and in record time no less, during which my beauty favourites have been well and truly stacking up. I'll have a full rundown of my most used products from the first half of the year coming to you soon which will be covering all bases from skincare to make up, so for June's addition I kept it short and sweet - or at least that was the intention. Cue a twelve minute ramble including my thoughts on blue eyeliner, scalp exfoliation and the best way to tackle in-shower tanning! <> beauty
This Week: The Wimbledon Dress <> I can't really think of a better place to have spent one of the hottest days of the year so far on a rooftop terrace at Wimbledon. On Wednesday Suzie and I made our way through the (understandably sweaty) crowds to spend the day taking in some tennis. This was my second time at Wimbledon after last year's trip and I loved it even more. There's just something so British about sitting on Centre Court, Pimm's in hand cheering along with 15,000 people as a game reaches Match Point. I don't think I've ever been as in love with an item of clothing as I am with this Topshop dress. White, floaty, crochet gorgeousness that I want to wear all day, every day. I also picked up a pair of the gladiator Heaven sandals on a whim during a last minute panic buy and ended up loving them just as much as well. They really are the comfiest sandals I own (of course, my grandma brain would go straight to wearability) although even after one day out in the Sun I've noticed some odd tan lines appearing across my feet! It was a sad moment when we finally decided to leave - although we headed straight for Franco Manca and some Sourdough pizza goodness. Hopefully I'll be back again soon but until then I'll be watching Paul Bettany & Kirsten Dunst's version of Wimbledon on repeat - hands up, who else loves that film!? <> style
#ICovetJune Round Up: Part Four <> So we've finally reached the end of #ICovetJune and I'm actually going to be really sad to put the camera down and stop vlogging on a daily basis! The last week of June definitely had it's ups and downs, but after starting on a low point things just got better and better, including my 23rd birthday and seeing Taylor Swift at Hyde Park - one of my favourite moments so far this year! Thank you all so much for your support during the month, I've had so much fun putting out more content than ever - although going through the YouTube audio library so many times nearly killed me! I'll definitely be vlogging on a more frequent basis from now on and might even revisit a daily vlogging stint again in a few months time! What was your favourite vlog from #ICovetJune? <> lifestyle
Birthday Make Up! <> Continuing with the Birthday themed posts comes a make up routine that I not only pulled out for the big day last week, but have been loving ever since. Making a change from my usual black winged liner I've been opting for a navy blue shade which, although subtle, really makes such an interesting difference, and of course a bold lip - it wouldn't have been right without one! There's always something a little bit more special about Birthday make up so I hope you like this one as much as I did! <> beauty
This Week: Turning Twenty Three <> Last week I turned the grand old age of twenty three and despite my sadness at no longer having my own Taylor Swift song to sing, ("I don't know about you, but I'm feeling twenty three" doesn't quite have the same ring to it..) I'm happy to say goodbye to another chapter of my life in order to start a new one. The last twelve months have been some of the best and worst. I've been given amazing opportunities both in life and for ICT, met some incredible people and even made a new best friend, but at the same time I've also had to say goodbye to loved ones forever and faced challenging moments that I'm glad to put behind me.  This year is going to be all about making the most of things, saying yes more and enjoying life because, as we've all been recently been reminded by tragic events not only around the world but right here in the blogging community, it's too short and so precious! <> lifestyle
#ICovetJune Round Up: Part Three <> I can't believe we've rounded up yet another week of #ICovetJune! It started off with a chilled weekend of catch ups, coffee and shooting a few outfit photos (see the finished post here!) and ended up with full blown paint fight organised by Benefit with a host of bloggers dressed up in jumpsuits throwing paint at each other! Definitely once of the messier experiences of my life, especially on a day I for some reason chose to wear all white.. I rounded the week off with something a little different for today's vlog, and roped Darren into doing a sit down Q&A with me. If you've ever wondered how we met or what our favourite ice cream flavour is it's definitely worth a watch. Also don't forget to enter this weeks giveaway for the chance to win some of my favourite skincare products from Bioderma, Liz Earle and more! Follow me on Twitter @ICovetThee and retweet this tweet to enter.. good luck! <> lifestyle
White Out <> So many dangers present themselves when opting for an all white outfit, but after finally finding myself the perfect pair of white jeans from River Island - high waisted; check, ripped knees; check, thick enough to not be classed as see-through; thank god yes, I haven't been able to resist layering up a monochrome colour palette with a few pastel hues thrown in for good measure in the form of this gorgeous Misguided Duster Coat and a Lilac Tote from Asos. As well as whites I've also been into layering my accessories, with stacking rings - my favourite still being the stunning Monica Vinader Riva Ring (a thousand boyfriend points to Darren for picking that one out himself!) and a newer addition to my wrist, the Daniel Wellington Classic Sheffield Watch*. I opted for the silver men's version for the chunkier feel and bigger face, which I've been loving teaming with a few dainty bracelets.  Daniel Wellington are also giving you 15% off any watch from their collection with the code 'icovetthee' until June 30th, which is a pretty amazing bargain!  All white is definitely the way to go for an instant Summer outfit, I'll just be making sure to stay well away from brown foods for the time being.. <> style
Get Un-Ready With Me: After Party Night Time Routine <> As much as I love the process of getting ready for a night out, putting on a full face of make up and bringing out the heels, my favourite part of the evening is usually taking it all off again! Last week I stayed at Shoreditch House with St Tropez as a little introduction to their In Shower Gradual Tan (FYI, its fab!) and one pizza, three cocktails and hours of chatting later I headed back to my room for a post-party wind down... <> beauty
#ICovetJune Round Up: Part Two <> Week two of #ICovetJune is over - I can't believe the month is flying by so fast! After a chilled out weekend with Darren and being taken on a date to one of my favourite spots here in the South, I spent a busy few days in London which included a night at Shoreditch House, drinking one too many prosecco laced cocktails and meeting some lovely blogger babes in the process! I hope you've enjoyed the vlogs this week! Don't forget to enter my second giveaway of the month by following me on Twitter @ICovetThee and retweeting this tweet for the chance to win some Topshop & NYX goodies! <> lifestyle
Summer Bronze Smokey Eye <> There's nothing I love more than a bronzey gold eye product, and when one comes along with a formula as good as the Charlotte Tilbury Eyes To Mesmerise (previously seen in this month's favourites, can you tell I'm having a bit of a moment with these?) there isn't much I can do to stop myself incorporating it into every make up look in my roster. A light wash over the lid for everyday, smudged into the lash line for a colourful take on liner and probably my favourite of all.. packing on as much as possible for an all out smokey eye, which when paired with fresh skin and a light hand on the blusher/bronzer has become one of my go-to Summer looks of the moment! <> misc
This Week: The Breakfast Club, Brighton <> On Monday I found myself on the train to Brighton yet again (as Suzie keeps saying I should just move there already) to kick off a month of daily vlogging with a visit to the newly opened Breakfast Club on Market Street. One of London's favourite's for the best kind of food - breakfast food of course, the queues are always out the door and usually take longer to get through than my stomach can handle, but at the newly opened Brighton branch we got a table straight away.  Cue the struggle to pick something from the menu. Pancakes, eggs any way you could possibly want them and even a healthy option or two, it was a tough one. In the end I went for poached egg and avocado smash on rye bread and as glorious as it was, the second Suzie's stack of pancakes landed on the table there was instant order regret. I think it's safe to say (after a nibble or two) that we would both recommend them! <> misc
#ICovetJune Round Up: Part One <> Welcome to the first week of #ICovetJune! I've been daily vlogging for six days now and it's been interesting to say the least.. No shame make up free intros, giving you an insight into what I've been eating - the good and the bad, and even some behind the scenes secrets - this week has had them all! I'll be rounding up the all the vlogs from the week each Saturday on ICT, so don't worry if you've missed one! I'll also be hosting a giveaway during each Saturday vlog so tune in for the chance to win some awesome beauty bits! This week's giveaway is a host of Benefit goodies, and all you have to do to enter is follow me on Twitter @ICovetThee and retweet this! Which vlog has been your favourite so far!?  <> lifestyle
May Favourites & Exciting Announcement! <> Hello June! Although my brain is still questioning why the Christmas tree isn't up we've managed to make it halfway through the year already and into my favourite month - Birthday bias, of course! Not only am I turning 23 (eek!) but I've got some incredibly exciting things coming up over the next few weeks and you'll be coming along with me for all of them! Stay tuned to the end of this video to find out why.. Oh the mystery. For now though, lets finish May off with a round up of my favourite beauty products from the month. Summer has been creeping in around these parts and you can definitely tell I've been influenced by the warmer weather with most of my picks. I've also managed to dedicate the entire first half of this video to a skincare-based rave and I finally get to share my thoughts on a product I've been dying to talk about since I was given a sneak peek in March! <> misc