TITLE <> TEXT <> LABEL
Wearing White In Winter <> A HOW TO ON WEARING WHITE There's no denying that its absolutely freezing outside at the moment, and the fact that I'm sans jacket in these photos is either a near miracle or bordering on stupidity. I'll go with the former. As much as I love Autumn/Winter style; layering, dark colours and a whole lot of knitwear, it gets to this time of year where I start to miss putting together an outfit without having to consider which coat I'll be paring it with. Wearing lighter shades is also something I've been missing a lot and although, lets face it, I'd be more than happy wearing an all black outfit 99% of the year, I still like to dabble in the occasional pop or colour. White can be a particularly hard shade to pull off in the colder seasons. I had a love affair with wearing nothing but back in Summer, and my wardrobe is still littered with floaty white dresses that I'd just love to be wearing right now. White in Winter though tends to work best when its reserved for knitwear and this funnel jumper from Topshop is one of my favourite throw on pieces at the moment. Its thick, warm and with it's 'not-quite-a-polo-neck' its a lot less bulky than some of the other roll neck knitwear in my collection. Paired together with some Farleigh jeans from Asos, my favourite for a high waist, cropped ankle and - sharp inhale of breath here, knee rips (I just don't really think light denim is complete without them) and my first flats of the year and you've got yourself a Winter appropriate look with just a sniff of Spring in the air. A RED LIP Normally I wouldn't pair a red lip with something white but in Winter it just seems to work. I could talk your ear off about all the reds in my collection, but this is the one that's been on my lips and coincidentally, in the bottom of my handbag repeatedly at the moment. I've mentioned my love for Tom Ford Matte Lipsticks a whole lot in the past, and the shade Ruby Rush from the collection is the perfect red red. Its not blue toned, its not orange or pink. Its just red.  I'm sure a few of you are sitting there scripting your heads right now, but trust me, this is a lipstick to suit all. The formula is also one of the most pigmented I've ever come across and just the right amount of matte to not be drying but still give a velvety smooth finish. <> style
A Swoon Worthy Diptyque Candle <> No matter what shape or size Diptyque candles may come in, my love or them really knows no bounds. They've become one of my favourite items to collect and pop around the house in any nook that needs something special. Therefore, whenever a new limited edition candle comes out I more than often jump at the chance to add it to my little collection, and when I saw the sickly sweet pink packaging of Diptyque's newest launch Rosa Viola - a special collaboration with Franco-British designer... ROSA VIOLA No matter what shape or size Diptyque candles may come in, my love or them really knows no bounds. They've become one of my favourite items to collect and pop around the house in any nook that needs something special. Therefore, whenever a new limited edition candle comes out I more than often jump at the chance to add it to my little collection, and when I saw the sickly sweet pink packaging of Diptyque's newest launch Rosa Viola - a special collaboration with Franco-British designer, Olympia Le-Tan adorned with red lips and everything, I spent a little longer than usual lingering around the candle section in Space NK.  Clearly someone took note of this, as come Valentine's day I was presented with a bag full of goodies which, alongside an iced vanilla late and novelty kitten stickers - that boy knows me well, included a neatly wrapped parcel which I opened to find this inside!  The first thing that hits you when opening any box housing a Diptyque candle is the scent. They're so highly fragranced that even without burning, if you're sitting next to one you're going to be smelling it. Rosa Viola is quite different from most Diptyque offerings with notes of roses, lipstick and the subtle warmth of leather all designed to come together to smell like the inside of a woman's handbag. Note: this is definitely not what my poor bag smells like.  To me it's sweet and feminine with a warm and inviting edge that prevents it from becoming too sickly. After walking into a room in which this had been burning for a few hours you'll be greeted with the cosy but fresh scent of roses which when combined with the more unusual additional notes makes for an intoxicating aroma.  <> misc
Hello, It's I Covet Thee 4.0! <> Hello, it's me! Seriously, are we going to be able to get through 2016 without immediately assuming that's an Adele reference..? So you're probably noticing things are a little different around these parts! This is actually the fourth time I've given I Covet Thee a revamp in it's soon to be five years of existence. We've now got bigger images, more ways for you to interact with the site and, fingers crossed if my novice coding skills have all worked out, easier navigation! You may have also have noticed that this is the first time I've published a post in around three months. If there's one thing I've learnt from having this space for nearly half a decade is that it's okay to take a break from time to time, in fact at some points it's even necessary. ICT 4.0 Last year definitely wasn't my favourite of the handful I've been given and my motivation and creativity took a spiralling downfall because of that. Better to miss a few posts about new lipsticks than burn out altogether though I'd say! It feels so good to be typing away again and the words are flowing freely! I guess now would be as good a time as any to make a little dedication to, you the readers of ICT, and do a little housekeeping while I'm at it too. I've realised I'm never going to be the blogger that posts on a daily basis. I have no idea how some of you out there do it, I'm literally in awe! Instead I think a schedule of a few times a week are what's going to suit this place the best, and in those posts I want to make it really worth your while to have clicked on them! After a few months of playing around with video scheduling I've also decided to have a little shake up. Sunday mornings and Friday evenings will now be the time and place for uploads and you may even occasionally see a sneaky vlog or two popping up on a Wednesday evening. Believe it or not I haven't actually picked up my vlogging camera since December and it's something I'm itching to do again soon!  My last port of call here is actually to open the floor to you! What do you want to see from ICT in 2016? What have been your favourite posts to date and also which topics take your fancy the most? Your input means so much to me, so have a good think, and I'll see you again next week! <> misc
Taking You Through My Skincare Routine <> By now I'm sure you're all well aware of my love for skincare - seriously, give me a cup of tea and a box of products and I will chat to you about them for hours. More recently I've been favouring a more laid back approach to my routine, missing out a few steps that aren't always necessary and using just a handful of products that I know work for me. Also, as we're now in the coldest part of the year I'm having to deal with a complete lack of moisture - dry skin people, ya feel me, so I've had to pick products that are basically the equivalent of dipping my head in a bucket of water every five minutes! I've managed the impossible though (in my product hoarding head anyway) and skimmed my routine down to just five essential products that I use daily: cleaning oil, eye make up remover, cleansing balm, moisturiser and eye cream. Then there's a few extras that I like to throw in every so often when I feel like my skin needs it - something for extra dry days, something pore un-clogging and something exfoliating for when my face decided to look as flat as a pancake. I've been enjoying this prescriptive approach to my routine and hope there's something to be taken from it for anyone looking to get into skincare without having to accumulate a mountain of products! <> beauty
Autumn Smokey Make Up Using the Lorac Pro Palette <> AUTUMNAL SMOKEY EYE A lot of the time Autumn make up looks tend to be all about dark lips, which, don't get me wrong I'm totally in favour of, but as well as making the most of berry toned products this season I've also been opting for a Fall inspired dusky nude, the likes of which even Kylie Jenner would be proud of. Enter two MAC lipsticks I never thought I'd own but two that I'm totally enjoying using nonetheless, Velvet Teddy and Mehr. Pair with a slightly vampy matte brown smokey eye courtesy of the Lorac Pro Palette - something you seriously need to consider adding to your US beauty shopping list, and some fresh looking skin and you've got an Autumn look that I can't get enough of at the moment.	<> beauty
This Week: Feeling Autumnal <> Are you bored of my harping on about how much I'm loving Autumn yet? No, didn't think so! I've spent my weekends recently (and in fact, any time I leave the house) wrapped up in layer upon layer of jumpers, scarves and coats - I'm definitely one of those people who always feels the cold! I've been living in this Zara black number since I bought it and love how easy it is to pair with practically every outfit. Plus it's super cosy and has pockets deep enough to hide half your arm! Last Sunday I had an irrevocable craving for pancakes. I went to Twitter and even asked Instagram for your recommendations for a good pancake place in the South, but came up short. I wouldn't say I live in the complete middle of nowhere, but it definitely feels like that at times! Still determined though, we went for a drive and ended up at Josie's cafe in the sleepy little village of Bishops Waltham, a place that I've visited a few times before and one that I'd be willing to debate makes the best coffee in the South! To my stomachs great relief there were pancakes on the menu, and when the plates arrived (we foolishly ordered two portions - don't do this!) there were absolutely stacked with the thickest, fluffiest pancakes my greedy eyes had ever seen. Suffice to say I did not finish my stack, not even half and a walk around the back streets were very much in order to work off the mountain of calories consumed in one sitting! <> lifestyle
What's In My Bag: Autumn Edition <> Fancy another root around in my handbag this afternoon? I thought so! This burgundy across body satchel from Kurt Geiger is one of my favourites to date and the perfect colour and size to be my go-to Autumn carry all. Of course you'll find the usual suspects in there - keys, phone charger, more lip products than one person could ever need in a day (although you'll be surprised at the number I pulled out this time around!) but I've had to make a few space saving substitutions and in turn have learnt that we don't all need to be Mary Poppins when it comes to bag packing this season! <> lifestyle
Suede on Black <> Since my little wardrobe make over last week I've been fully embracing the Autumn colour palette. The crisp snap in the air is very welcome and I'm starting to feel super festive as we get closer to a handful of my favourite holidays! This suede skirt from New Look has become one of my favourite seasonal pieces, and when paired with a black turtle neck, also New Look, throws out some slight seventies vibes that I'm totally okay with.  With a leather jacket thrown on to toughen things up a little - this sale find from Urban Outfitters has become my new best friend, while also keeping in the warmth makes this one of my go-to looks right now and one where I'm definitely making the most of short lengths and tights before it gets really chilly and I'll be wanting to wear nothing but jeans and thick coats! <>  style
Autumn Style Picks <>  My favourite season is upon us and I couldn't wait to get stuck into curating this year's Autumn wardrobe! Most of my new additions this month have come from the highstreet, with Zara, Topshop and Whistles all seriously upping their cold-weather wear to the point where it was a struggle not to walk away with the entire store - although I did make it out of Zara with not one but two Winter coats! <> style
My Most Used Products in September <> It feels like only yesterday I was writing a post and titling it 'August Favourites' but here we are a whole month later (and then some actually..) with September's round up! This marks the third to last instalment before we'll be saying hello to January again, and is mostly made up of the very last scraps of Summer in my beauty routine including a bright coral lipstick that screams sunshine and a fragrance that reminds me of holidays from this year. Enjoy! <> beauty
My Go-To Budget Friendly Make Up Look <>  I always find people's everyday make up routines an interesting one - reaching for on something a daily basis without even thinking about it really is the mark of a great product, and as I've recently been going for a few more budget friendly options when getting ready in the morning I thought I'd go all out and make my latest update on an everyday look an entirely drugstore one! <> misc
What I Picked Up From The US <> So this one has been a long time coming! Back in July (has it really been that long!?) I spent a week in California and took full advantage of the U.S. beauty shopping situation. From practically living in Sephora to the brands that we just can't get on this side of the pond I certainly did my bit for the economy! Considering I bought an almost obscene amount I thought I'd wait a while to show you what I picked up so I had a proper chance to test everything out and give you my thoughts, little did I know that we'd end up with a twenty-six minute beauty haul though.. oops! <> beauty
A Lazy Girl's Guide to Tanning <> Apart from the one glorious day of sunshine we had a few weekends back where I successfully burnt my shoulders to a crisp (cut out dresses are not to be trusted) I'd be willing to bet that the warm weather won't be making an appearance again until next year now. Sadly, I've remained the same pasty hue all Summer long, thanks to my skin's refusal to become the bronzed godess I want it to be while also keeping on top of SPF application. Faking it has become a whole lot easier these days though and it's an option I'll always pick over risking my skin in the Sun, so I though I'd share my 'so-simple-its-barely-a-routine' tanning routine with you today!  As far as fake tan and I go, it's taken many years of orange patches, mistakes and tears to get it right and find the products that work well for me. First of all, my absolute Holy Grail tan in the mix; St Tropez Express Bronzing Mousse. The Lazy Girl's dream. Just pop this all over for an hour to three - depending on how dark you want to be, rinse off and go. The thing I hate most about fake tan is having to sleep in it (my poor white bed sheets will back me up here) and the Express Tan eliminates this altogether. The colour, as always with St Tropez, is just the right balance between warm toned and olive so there's never any orange nightmares with this one.  For top ups, I've been reaching for the In Shower Gradual Tanner*, also from St Tropez. This product really is a revelation, and one that I'm still trying to get my head around. You pop into the shower, wet your skin and then apply a layer of this thick lotion all over. Leave for three minutes (I find playing some music is essential for timing this!) and then rinse away and pat dry. There's no guide colour left on the skin, no sticky texture and a few hours later you will have magically developed a golden sheen. The formula is definitely gradual, so if you're using this one alone it might take a few days to get a deeper colour, but it's the perfect product for topping up inbetween! Usually I leave my face alone and compensate with extra bronzer, but on the occasion I want to go make up free without worrying about matching my skin to my neck, I use the Elemis Total Glow Bronzing Moisturiser For Face* (I'm also a fan of the version for body!). On it's own this works well as a light weight moisturiser and after a few uses adds a touch of colour to my complexion. So far this has yet to break me out once - a big factor to think about when choosing a facial tanner, so it's one I know I can rely on for some subtle warmth underneath my make up! <> beauty
August Favourites <> One more month down and one step closer to The Big C in December - I know we're all thinking it by now! August has seen the end of Summer, Autumnal fashion hitting the shops and most importantly, a host of new beauty favourites for me to chat about! I've definitely made some exciting discoveries this month, from a foundation that I can't stop raving about to a hair care combo that I'm prepared to promote to Holy Grail status - they're just that good. Enjoy! <> beauty
Charlotte Tilbury Magic Foundation: An Exciting New Launch <> Back in July - which seems like absolutely years ago now, I headed to London for the afternoon for the launch of Charlotte Tilbury's new Magic Foundation*. You may have caught a few snippets on Instagram (I also vlogged the day too which you can see here), but I wanted to wait until the product had actally launched to really spill the beans on just how good this is. Believe me, it's been a hard one to keep in!  While this may not be the first foundation from the brand it's one that's been almost five years in the making, going back and forth between Charlotte herself and the labs in order to perfect the formula until it was exactly what she wanted. Listening to Charlotte talk about this process and what she tries to achieve with all her products is absolutely fascinating and I don't think I've ever met someone so truly enthusiastic about make up and the effect it can have on our confidence. First of all the coverage really is something to talk about. It's amazing. Whether you're applying with fingers or the specially designed Magic Complexion Brush*, it's a fool proof one for perfect skin without any of the heaviness you might expect from something that looks so flawless. It feels comfortable and sticks around for a long, long time and although the end result is a glowing luminous finish, it sets down to a velvety texture meaning there's no need to powder. It's just one of those products you know you can trust to work when it's needed, and I've been absolutely obsessed with it since first use! I've also collaborated with Charlotte to create a Pinterest board (hands up, who else is addicted?) for the launch of her Magic Foundation, full of inspiring images, quotes an ladies we both love! Best of all, there's a chance for one of you to win The Gift of Goddess Skin set from the brand and all you have to do is create you're own board following the instructions below. Good luck! <> beauty
A Simple Step That Gets Me Up In The Morning <> Amongst all of my unfortunate bad habits - being untidy, never volunteering to do the dishes and staying up later than I should, not waking up in the morning is one of the worst. I've been through practically every alarm tone my iPhone has to offer and still have yet to find something that properly rouses me out of my coma-like state of sleep. Then, once I do regain consciousness, the next hour is usually spent staring blankly into space trying to figure out where I am and what I'm supposed to be doing. Enter the Aromatherapy Associates Revive Oil*. I've had this gathering dust in the back of my bathroom cupboard for months, but as I'm not a particularly big bath taker it's so far gone mostly unused. The smell of this though is enough to get my things working again so I've been pouring a few drops onto the floor of my shower and letting the steam do it's work. The whole room get's filled with the scent of rosemary mingled with sharp grapefruit which does wonders at kicking the sluggishness and getting my brain back into gear! <> misc
The Date Night: A Red Inspired Get Ready With Me <>  I've been itching to share this video with you for so long and that moment is finally here! Last weekend Darren and I went on a date with a difference. Instead of just settling for our usual haunts (our local Nando's and cinema), we dressed up in our Sunday best and went to the beautiful and much more elegant Hotel du Vin in Winchester. I've been working in collaboration with Estée Lauder and Modern Muse Le Rouge* which, from the first sniff I knew was going to become a favourite! The scent is rich and comforting with notes of vanilla and musk melded together with a sweeter edge of rose and raspberry for a juicy afterthought. I absolutely love it and along with the beautiful packaging makes for the perfect Date Night fragrance.  Red as a colour has always appealed to me - hello, have you seen my lipstick collection? and I was inspired by Le Rouge to go all out with an absolutely stunning dress from Coast and red heels to match! Roses are also some of my favourite flowers so a bunch delivered to my door pre-date was a lovely start to the evening. We ordered cocktails, chatted until the restaurant was deserted and had a wonderful evening that I can't wait to repeat again! <> lifestyle
The Week: Catching Up <> I think it would be fair to say that this little space of the internet has suffered quite a bit of neglect in the recent months after possibly the most jam packed few weeks I've had to date! After getting back from L.A. at the end of July (that seems like so long ago now!) I went straight back into travelling and took a week out for some family time in the South of Wales. No 3G, very little internet and the being in the best company made for a perfect getaway by the beach and coming back down and falling into my usual schedule after two amazing weeks away from home has been tough! Back to reality it has been though and I've been hopping back and forth between London and home on a weekly basis now, which after a two hour train journey there and back has left very little time for much else. Making the move up there is now a debate I have with myself on a daily basis! I also spent yesterday at V Festival in Chelmsford which luckily turned out to be the one sunny day in a handful of rainy ones, hanging out with some of my favourite girls and taking in some great music. Although we didn't stay late enough to catch everyone (the secret Kasabian fangirl inside me definitly shed a tear at missing them!) we managed to catch some amazing acts. Next week is a fresh start and a clean state though and I plan to dedicate most of it to reorganizing my life, starting as that usually does with my ridiculous floordrobe. Hello, my name is Alix and I am messy. I ordered Marie Kondo's 'The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying' after seeing so many rave reviews about how it is, indeed, life changing. Let's hope so anyway as a tidy home leads to a tidy mind and hopefully a much more consistent approach to producing content for you all! I've started with a set of step-ladder shelves I picked up from Ikea last week and already feel slightly more at peach with my overflowing amount of mostly needless possessions. I feel an extreme clear out coming! <> lifestyle
July Favourites <> Excuse the monthly cliché of pointing out how quickly the last four weeks have gone by, but seriously.. what happened to July!? One minute I'm rounding off the last part of #ICovetJune (playlist here if you're still not caught up) and the next it's August and I'm left wondering where the last thirty-one days have vanished to.  I've been living in different time zones and out of a suitcase for most of the month - no doubt a key factor in my confusion, leaving beauty as less of a priority and more of a space saving issue. It's been all about the multi-tasking products! Because of that, I've switched up my usual favourites routine and picked out just five of my most used and most loved products from July. Those favouring something on the less simple side, fear not.. with the amount off stuff I brought back with me on said trips, I can guaranteed you'll be in for an extremely long winded one next month! <> beauty
This Week: Seven Days in L.A. <> Warning: this post is currently being written under the influence of some serious jet lag. Rambling and senselessness may ensue..  After a whirlwind seven days in L.A. - and two eleven hour flights that I'd honestly quite like to forget, I'm finally back in the UK! Over the week I definitely embraced the US a lot more than I thought I would; the weather was beautiful, the people were lovely and the coffee came extra large. Our first three days were filled with meetings, panels and parties at Vidcon, which flew by so quickly I barely had time to register how amazing it was to be a part of such a massive community. It's always so overwhelming when I get to see the other side of the camera, and the people that actually take the time to watch and support my videos! Then came the shopping. I ran into the first Sephora I saw like a child in a candy shop and didn't come out empty handed. An instant upgrade to VIB may have even happened.. Trust me, I won't be buying any more make up for a long, long time to come! At the moment I'm trying to figure out how to break a haul down into manageable chunks, rather than throwing everything into one thirty minute ramble-fest (unless thats actually something you'd all like to see - answers on a postcard below!) so expect there to be a few videos coming up on my US purchases soon! On the weekend we took an Uber to Santa Monica where we pottered around some more shops, eyed up bags in Kate Spade (where another sneaky purchase may have been made..) and took a stroll along the pier while I snapped as many photos of palm trees as I physically could manage! I went with the full intention of vlogging the whole trip, but definitely forgot to pick up my camera on more than one occasion thanks to the insane schedule we kept to. I'm looking forward to sitting down this week and putting together the clips that I have into something fun for you to watch! It was a great week, surrounded by some of my favourite people. L.A., I miss you already! <> misc
Mid-Year Beauty Round Up: Make Up & Skincare Favourites <> Rounding up the best in beauty has become a bit of a yearly thing now and I usually dedicate the first few days of January to trolling through a years worth of monthly favourite videos (see the playlist here if you fancy doing the same!) in order to pick out the best of the best from the whole twelve months. As we've just reached August though (can you believe it!?) I thought I'd revisit the same format of video but look back at how things have changed over the last six months. Not surprisingly, quite a few things have remained the same, but I've also discovered some new life-long favourites and changed my mind about a few old ones! <> beauty
New Skincare Additions <>  Let's talk about skincare! I've cemented myself a pretty solid routine of products that I love and work for me, but there's always room to try something a little different and pop in a few more summer appropriate products - aka, things that parent me from melting in the heat. From SPF to a super refreshing toning spray - there's a lot of new things I've been testing out, so grab a cuppa' and enjoy! <> beauty
Packing For a Week in L.A.! <> The wait is finally over and the trip to L.A. I've been talking about for so long is here! Next week I'll be boarding a plane in preparation for and eleven hour flight (gulp) and by Wednesday afternoon I'll be setting foot in the U.S. for the first time! Facing the task of packing for a week away in a climate a whole lot warmer than my usual was quite the daunting task, but I've broken it down into some easier to swallow chunks that have not only made the process a little less overwhelming for myself, but may come in handy for any others struggling to pack for a trip away! <> lifestyle
What's In My Bag: Whistle Fleet Tote <> What's In My Bag videos are not only my favourite to watch but also to film and this one actually marks the fifth instalment of rummaging around in the depths of my handbag! I try to make one every time a new bag comes in to my life, and this thing of beauty - a.k.a. the Blue Fleet Tote from Whistles, is certainly one of my favourites to date. You know the drill by now, I go through the contents of my bag from the useful (purse, phone charger, sunglasses) to the not so necessary (more lip products than I can count on one hand..) and in the process wonder how on earth my arm hasn't fallen off from carrying around so much on a daily basis! <> style
Make Up Haul & First Impressions <> I think we all know the drill by now - I got spendy in the make up aisles and have a pile of goodies to show for it! Instead of a usual chatty haul however, I decided to try out the products I picked up and give you my first impressions of them as we go! Basically, the title of this video should have been 'watch me play with make up' and I have to say, I was pretty impressed with how well everything lived up to my expectations.. <> misc
Clinique Pop Lips <> Last month I stopped by the Clinique Pop Lips stand in Bluewater (incidentally my first visit - my god how huge is that place!?) to have a play with some of the new Pop Lip Lipsticks and take my own #LipPic! The girls manning the stand were so lovely and picked out the bright pink Wow Pop as the shade for me - what can I say I love a pink lip, then proceeded to let me loose on the photo booth!  Sadly my #LipPic wasn't as good as the lovely Sam's from Edinburgh who won Clinique's competition for her #LipPics to be featured in Cosmopolitan magazine next month, which you can see below.. how cool is that heart!? But I had fun pouting away nonetheless! The lipsticks themselves are super pigmented, hydrating and long lasting, with the built in primer keeping your colour around for as long as possible. The soft peachy Melon Pop* has become my go-to for an everyday lip, while Poppy Pop* is up there as one of the best glossy reds I've ever found and I've even been pulling out the deep wine tinted Berry Pop* for a different take on a bold Summer lip!  <> beauty
Two Kiehl's Products I'm Loving <> My love for Kiehl's has been well documented in the past, to point where if I'm not featuring the brand in a monthly favourites video, something must be up. I really can't get enough of their products and the two newest additions to my collection are no exception. The Micro Blur Skin Perfector and Clearly Corrective Dark Circle Perfector* both interestingly sit somewhere between make up and skincare. The first is hands down one of the best pore-disguising primers I've ever tried, with a beautiful silky formula that evens out skin texture enough to be used on make up free days to make things look a little softer, as well as under foundation to help with a smoother application while bumping up the lasting power of whatever is being used on top. As far as the skincare benefits go, the addition of Salicylic Acid and other skin-inclinded ingredients promise to reduce the appearance of pores altogether - a bold claim, as I find most products never come close to tackling the less than desirable large pores I have on my cheeks. I'm yet to see a difference in my actual skin, but the hope that this will eventually show those the door has me reaching for it on a daily basis. The Dark Circle Perfector has also been an absolutely HG item for me (to the point where I practically hear angels singing as I reach for it in the morning) in disguising those little purple/blue bags that come with being a life-long member of the dark circle club. Whether this is a concealer or an eye cream I still can't wrap my brain around, but it does the job of both by moisturising enough to soften dehydration lines and leave my under eyes feeling fresh while, with just one small dot, erasing the majority of the darkness. Sadly, this is only a quick fix as the effects wash off at the end of the day but it's entirely replaced my need for correctors pre-concealer application. Two skincare/make up hybrids that definitely get my seal of approval! What's your favourite Kiehl's product? <> beauty
June Favourites <> So we've made it six months into the year and in record time no less, during which my beauty favourites have been well and truly stacking up. I'll have a full rundown of my most used products from the first half of the year coming to you soon which will be covering all bases from skincare to make up, so for June's addition I kept it short and sweet - or at least that was the intention. Cue a twelve minute ramble including my thoughts on blue eyeliner, scalp exfoliation and the best way to tackle in-shower tanning! <> beauty
This Week: The Wimbledon Dress <> I can't really think of a better place to have spent one of the hottest days of the year so far on a rooftop terrace at Wimbledon. On Wednesday Suzie and I made our way through the (understandably sweaty) crowds to spend the day taking in some tennis. This was my second time at Wimbledon after last year's trip and I loved it even more. There's just something so British about sitting on Centre Court, Pimm's in hand cheering along with 15,000 people as a game reaches Match Point. I don't think I've ever been as in love with an item of clothing as I am with this Topshop dress. White, floaty, crochet gorgeousness that I want to wear all day, every day. I also picked up a pair of the gladiator Heaven sandals on a whim during a last minute panic buy and ended up loving them just as much as well. They really are the comfiest sandals I own (of course, my grandma brain would go straight to wearability) although even after one day out in the Sun I've noticed some odd tan lines appearing across my feet! It was a sad moment when we finally decided to leave - although we headed straight for Franco Manca and some Sourdough pizza goodness. Hopefully I'll be back again soon but until then I'll be watching Paul Bettany & Kirsten Dunst's version of Wimbledon on repeat - hands up, who else loves that film!? <> style
#ICovetJune Round Up: Part Four <> So we've finally reached the end of #ICovetJune and I'm actually going to be really sad to put the camera down and stop vlogging on a daily basis! The last week of June definitely had it's ups and downs, but after starting on a low point things just got better and better, including my 23rd birthday and seeing Taylor Swift at Hyde Park - one of my favourite moments so far this year! Thank you all so much for your support during the month, I've had so much fun putting out more content than ever - although going through the YouTube audio library so many times nearly killed me! I'll definitely be vlogging on a more frequent basis from now on and might even revisit a daily vlogging stint again in a few months time! What was your favourite vlog from #ICovetJune? <> lifestyle
Birthday Make Up! <> Continuing with the Birthday themed posts comes a make up routine that I not only pulled out for the big day last week, but have been loving ever since. Making a change from my usual black winged liner I've been opting for a navy blue shade which, although subtle, really makes such an interesting difference, and of course a bold lip - it wouldn't have been right without one! There's always something a little bit more special about Birthday make up so I hope you like this one as much as I did! <> beauty
This Week: Turning Twenty Three <> Last week I turned the grand old age of twenty three and despite my sadness at no longer having my own Taylor Swift song to sing, ("I don't know about you, but I'm feeling twenty three" doesn't quite have the same ring to it..) I'm happy to say goodbye to another chapter of my life in order to start a new one. The last twelve months have been some of the best and worst. I've been given amazing opportunities both in life and for ICT, met some incredible people and even made a new best friend, but at the same time I've also had to say goodbye to loved ones forever and faced challenging moments that I'm glad to put behind me.  This year is going to be all about making the most of things, saying yes more and enjoying life because, as we've all been recently been reminded by tragic events not only around the world but right here in the blogging community, it's too short and so precious! <> lifestyle
#ICovetJune Round Up: Part Three <> I can't believe we've rounded up yet another week of #ICovetJune! It started off with a chilled weekend of catch ups, coffee and shooting a few outfit photos (see the finished post here!) and ended up with full blown paint fight organised by Benefit with a host of bloggers dressed up in jumpsuits throwing paint at each other! Definitely once of the messier experiences of my life, especially on a day I for some reason chose to wear all white.. I rounded the week off with something a little different for today's vlog, and roped Darren into doing a sit down Q&A with me. If you've ever wondered how we met or what our favourite ice cream flavour is it's definitely worth a watch. Also don't forget to enter this weeks giveaway for the chance to win some of my favourite skincare products from Bioderma, Liz Earle and more! Follow me on Twitter @ICovetThee and retweet this tweet to enter.. good luck! <> lifestyle
White Out <> So many dangers present themselves when opting for an all white outfit, but after finally finding myself the perfect pair of white jeans from River Island - high waisted; check, ripped knees; check, thick enough to not be classed as see-through; thank god yes, I haven't been able to resist layering up a monochrome colour palette with a few pastel hues thrown in for good measure in the form of this gorgeous Misguided Duster Coat and a Lilac Tote from Asos. As well as whites I've also been into layering my accessories, with stacking rings - my favourite still being the stunning Monica Vinader Riva Ring (a thousand boyfriend points to Darren for picking that one out himself!) and a newer addition to my wrist, the Daniel Wellington Classic Sheffield Watch*. I opted for the silver men's version for the chunkier feel and bigger face, which I've been loving teaming with a few dainty bracelets.  Daniel Wellington are also giving you 15% off any watch from their collection with the code 'icovetthee' until June 30th, which is a pretty amazing bargain!  All white is definitely the way to go for an instant Summer outfit, I'll just be making sure to stay well away from brown foods for the time being.. <> style
Get Un-Ready With Me: After Party Night Time Routine <> As much as I love the process of getting ready for a night out, putting on a full face of make up and bringing out the heels, my favourite part of the evening is usually taking it all off again! Last week I stayed at Shoreditch House with St Tropez as a little introduction to their In Shower Gradual Tan (FYI, its fab!) and one pizza, three cocktails and hours of chatting later I headed back to my room for a post-party wind down... <> beauty
#ICovetJune Round Up: Part Two <> Week two of #ICovetJune is over - I can't believe the month is flying by so fast! After a chilled out weekend with Darren and being taken on a date to one of my favourite spots here in the South, I spent a busy few days in London which included a night at Shoreditch House, drinking one too many prosecco laced cocktails and meeting some lovely blogger babes in the process! I hope you've enjoyed the vlogs this week! Don't forget to enter my second giveaway of the month by following me on Twitter @ICovetThee and retweeting this tweet for the chance to win some Topshop & NYX goodies! <> lifestyle
Summer Bronze Smokey Eye <> There's nothing I love more than a bronzey gold eye product, and when one comes along with a formula as good as the Charlotte Tilbury Eyes To Mesmerise (previously seen in this month's favourites, can you tell I'm having a bit of a moment with these?) there isn't much I can do to stop myself incorporating it into every make up look in my roster. A light wash over the lid for everyday, smudged into the lash line for a colourful take on liner and probably my favourite of all.. packing on as much as possible for an all out smokey eye, which when paired with fresh skin and a light hand on the blusher/bronzer has become one of my go-to Summer looks of the moment! <> misc
This Week: The Breakfast Club, Brighton <> On Monday I found myself on the train to Brighton yet again (as Suzie keeps saying I should just move there already) to kick off a month of daily vlogging with a visit to the newly opened Breakfast Club on Market Street. One of London's favourite's for the best kind of food - breakfast food of course, the queues are always out the door and usually take longer to get through than my stomach can handle, but at the newly opened Brighton branch we got a table straight away.  Cue the struggle to pick something from the menu. Pancakes, eggs any way you could possibly want them and even a healthy option or two, it was a tough one. In the end I went for poached egg and avocado smash on rye bread and as glorious as it was, the second Suzie's stack of pancakes landed on the table there was instant order regret. I think it's safe to say (after a nibble or two) that we would both recommend them! <> misc
#ICovetJune Round Up: Part One <> Welcome to the first week of #ICovetJune! I've been daily vlogging for six days now and it's been interesting to say the least.. No shame make up free intros, giving you an insight into what I've been eating - the good and the bad, and even some behind the scenes secrets - this week has had them all! I'll be rounding up the all the vlogs from the week each Saturday on ICT, so don't worry if you've missed one! I'll also be hosting a giveaway during each Saturday vlog so tune in for the chance to win some awesome beauty bits! This week's giveaway is a host of Benefit goodies, and all you have to do to enter is follow me on Twitter @ICovetThee and retweet this! Which vlog has been your favourite so far!?  <> lifestyle
May Favourites & Exciting Announcement! <> Hello June! Although my brain is still questioning why the Christmas tree isn't up we've managed to make it halfway through the year already and into my favourite month - Birthday bias, of course! Not only am I turning 23 (eek!) but I've got some incredibly exciting things coming up over the next few weeks and you'll be coming along with me for all of them! Stay tuned to the end of this video to find out why.. Oh the mystery. For now though, lets finish May off with a round up of my favourite beauty products from the month. Summer has been creeping in around these parts and you can definitely tell I've been influenced by the warmer weather with most of my picks. I've also managed to dedicate the entire first half of this video to a skincare-based rave and I finally get to share my thoughts on a product I've been dying to talk about since I was given a sneak peek in March! <> misc
This Week: Sun, Sea & Tapas <> Thursday marked the first time this year that I've dared to venture out of the house minus a jacket. Hooray! Although after hopping on a train to Brighton the decision was soon being regretted - you can always count on the sea breeze to be absolutely freezing, no matter how sunny it looks! My wardrobe has been completely overtaken by black at the moment, even this white cardigan from Miss Selfridge is a rare diversion from my standard colour palette! I'm also absolutely smitten with these lace up flats from Next. Last time I checked they were sold out - boo! But I've seen different versions popping up everywhere from Topshop to Office. After snapping a few outfit photos which at one point had Suzie sitting bare legged on a stone wall - that girl's a trooper, we headed into the laines for Tapas at Solera. I honestly could have ordered plate after plate it was so good, the 'patatas' and baked goats cheese were especially on point, if you're in Brighton I definitely recommend a visit and we even had the whole place to ourselves despite being in the middle of half term - cue shameless instagramming and hours of chatting! <> style
Five Years of Topshop Beauty <> It's been five years this month since Topshop took their first steps into the world of beauty with their very own make up line, and I've been continually impressed with the collections, colours and products in general since my very first purchase - which definitely doesn't feel like that long ago! From the blushers that I owned in just about every colour to the nail polishes - always on trend shades that you just can't seem to find anywhere else, there's just something undeniably cool about Topshop make up, and to celebrate the anniversary the now iconic spotty black and white packaging of some of their best loved products has been given a rose gold upgrade.  I've always been inspired by the Topshop beauty campaigns - fresh faced girls with glowing skin that's never overdone, simple eye looks and always a gorgeous lip colour. One particular look that always sticks in my mind from SS13 had all of the above, topped off with the model's freckles shining through, which as a documented freckle lover I really couldn't get enough of! After starting with a light base mixed with one of Topshop's most versatile products, Glow to some added radiance, I bronzed my skin up with the Matte Bronzer in Mohawke* and added a warm iridescent sheen to my cheeks with the Highlighter in Horizon*. Eyes were a simple sweep of Nude Eyes Cream Shadow in Naked* all over the lid with a flick of Magic Liner, which with a skinny nib and intense black formula has sent it right to the top of my liner loves list, followed by lashings of Doe Eyed Mascara*. Lips were a very Summer appropriate soft orange which I created by tapping in Infrared* with my fingers and blotting away. Not forgetting the all important faux freckles which I sketched on lightly with the two toned Freckle Pencil - probably the best product ever created for giving a realistic spattering of sun kissed beauty spots. Topshop are also giving away ten sets of the products I used! Just follow me on Twitter and retweet this tweet to be in with the chance of winning! <>beauty
Cherry Blossoms & Tulle <> Bare legs alert! My pasty pins made their first outing of the year last month and I really couldn't be happier about it - although a quick once over with some fake tan wouldn't have hurt! Team that fresh Summer feeling with a frolic in the cherry blossoms - which have already faded by now much to my Instagram feed's disappointment, and you've got a recipe for a style post.  This Alexandra Grecco number is basically the skirt dreams are made of, layer upon layer of gorgeous tulle that ultimately lead me to pulling on a pair of heels (although these Kurt Geiger boots are about as high as it gets for me!) and having a small 'I'm Carrie Bradshaw moment' while posing in front of a busy road and a row of houses - not quite the glamorous NYC life in my case! The leather jacket really has been my staple wardrobe piece of the moment, where it's a little too cold to go coatless but too hot to wear anything thick. I'm always on the hunt for the perfect biker style (finding the right leather jacket for you is definitely akin to finding true love) and this one from River Island fits the bill pretty well, adding enough edge to an outfit like this to stop me feeling like a fairy in a tutu! <> style
Current Skincare Favourites & Morning/Evening Routine <> Skincare, skincare, skincare. Let's talk about skincare! I feel like I've been dying to make this video for so long, as - come on, it's just the best subject to talk about. From it's importance as a foundation for make up to discovering new exciting ingredients and building up a routine there's just no end the amount I could go on about skincare! Luckily for you though, I've condensed about an hour's worth of rambling into one bite-size chunk to digest today, chatting through my current favourites of the moment, some new additions and how they all fit into my morning and evening routines. <> beauty
April Favourites <> Time for another dose of favourites, coming to you from the month of April! Side note - how on earth have we ended up in May so fast, I've been helplessly singing 'N Sync like there's no tomorrow. Although not the best month for beauty - I feel like I've spent more days out of make up than wearing it, I've got a handful of products that still managed to wow me, including a foundation that I haven't stopped raving about since it's first use and and hair washing duo from the drugstore that are giving a high end favourite a run for it's money! <> misc
This Week: A Magical Disney Weekend! <> Happy Sunday everyone! This week has definitely been one I'd rather forget, but I had so much fun putting this vlog together from our time at Dinsey last weekend that it managed to put a smile back on my face. Darren and I are already planning a return visit - Christmas in Paris is something that I desperately want to experience, so fingers crossed we'll have that to look forward to! Until then this vlog will have to suffice in keeping the magic alive, and it really was one of the most magical places I've ever visited. From the rides, to the big pink castle and the amazing show each night (seriously, you can't miss this - i absolutely bawled!) everything was perfect and the inner child inside both of us absolutely loved it! <> lifestyle
I Went to Sephora and Only Bought One Thing <>  This weekend I found myself in the the beauty lover's heaven that is Sephora, and on the Champs-Élysées in Paris no less - cue angels singing. I've always been incredibly jealous of those lucky enough to have a store in your own backyard - all the best brands in one black and white stripy space, and lets not forget the adorable minis on offer. Believe it or not though despite spending over an hour in there (much to Darren's disapproval) I only picked up one thing for myself! I've had the Sephora Cream Lip Stain in Always Red on my mind for some time now but held off until I could swatch it in person, because - let's be honest, do I really need to add another red liquid lipstick to my collection? The answer this time was an absolute yes. This really is a true cool toned red, something I surprisingly don't own in this type of formula and the application and finish are the closest thing I've ever felt to velvet on my lips. The colour is rich and hangs around for the entire day but feels comfortable enough for you to forget it's even there. I may have had to go all the way to Paris for it, but as an all-year-round red lip lover it was definitely worth it. Now, had this been a visit to a US Sephora, things would have been quite a different story - I'm not sure they make a big enough bag to hold the amount of products I'd be wanting to purchase, with the likes of Tarte, Make Up Forever and Josie Marran taunting me from afar. Fingers crossed though, I may not have to wait long to start throwing them into my basket - watch this space! <> misc
Boots Beaty Haul & First Impressions <> It's pretty much a guarantee that I'll be making a big splurge in Boots around this time of year. The Sun comes out, blossoms are on the trees and drugstore brands start dropping their Spring releases which never fail to catch my eye. Cue a haul! This one comes with a bit of twist as I throw just about everything I bought straight onto my face and share my first impressions with you, including a new foundation love, a mascara that I was less than impressed with and a few interesting dupes for some higher end favourites! <>  misc
This Week: Bonjour Paris! <> Bonjour from Paris! On Friday morning - at 4am no less (snore!), we were up and heading to the airport for a weekend of fun at Disney! I think early flight times are definitely the way to go for plane-phobes like myself as I spent most of the hour long journey more concerned with going back to sleep than the fact that I was a thousand feet up in the air. The last two days have been spent wandering around the parks, practically bursting into tears every time I see the castle and wearing a ridiculous set of Mini Mouse ears like they're going out of style. Today though we're off into the city and I've got my heart set on making my way up the Eiffel Tower, third time lucky!  On a more personal note, you may have noticed a little silence on the content front this week, including missing last Sunday's video and although I absolutely hate to let you down when it comes to uploads, I've had a bit of a tough week after losing a very special family member only a few days ago. I wanted to say a quick little thank you for all the lovely messages I received throughout the week, your kindness and concern never ceases to amaze me and every little tweet, email and heart emoji helps. Wishing you the loveliest of weekends and see you back in England! <> lifestyle
Budget Dupes & Drugstore Beauty Alternatives <> There's something incredibly satisfying about finding budget dupes for some of the most coveted high end products out there, especially when they come in at less than half the price of the originals with little difference in formula, colour and packaging. This week I've picked out some of my favourite drugstore alternatives that in most cases match up almost identically with their luxury counterparts and a few that I actually prefer! <> misc
Nutella Stuffed Chocolate Chip Cookies <> Happy Easter everyone! I hope you've already found yourself in a full fledged chocolate induced coma on the sofa, but if not I've got a super easy recipe thats guaranteed to get you there! Usually I'd stick to a healthier kind of treat (see my post on some good-for-you alternatives here) but as we find ourselves quite literally surrounded by chocolate, what better time to indulge than now! Nutella will always be a life long love of mine and what better way to spice up a simple chocolate chip cookie recipe than by adding a generous scoop of liquid brown gold in the centre. The ingredients are listed below and it's pretty much a case of throwing everything together in a bowl, creating a little Nutella parcel to achieve that gooey surprise inside and baking for 10-15 minutes at 180°c. Last week I roped Suzie in to help me whisk up a batch if you want to see the whole process in action, plus the ensuing hilarity that generally happens when we get together. We also filmed a Q&A on Suzie's channel which makes for perfect viewing while you're waiting for your cookies to bake! INGREDIENTS: 220g Unsalted Butter 3/4 cup Soft Brown Sugar 1 cup White Caster Sugar 2 Eggs 1 tsp Vanilla Extract 3 1/2 cups Plain Flour 1 pinch of Salt 1 tsp Baking Soda Chocolate Chips 6 - 10 scoops of Nutella  Mini Eggs and any other treats you fancy throwing in!  Happy baking! <> misc
I Covet Thee Turns Four! <> Happy Birthday to me, Happy Birthday to me! Four years ago this week I opened my laptop, created a blogger account and proceeded to spend the next eight hours (in which I should have been sleeping) creating I Covet Thee. I kid you not - Darren left me on the sofa, went to bed and woke up to find me in the exact same position frantically typing away, trying to wade my way through the daunting world of HTML. Four years on my coding knowledge may not have progressed past changing font colours and adding pictures, but to my absolute amazement I Covet Thee has surpassed any expectations I ever had when typing in those three little words in 'blog title' all those years ago. It shocks and humbles me to see that there are now over 100,000 of you following this little space - believe me, I checked and double checked that figure too when I saw it surpass the six digit mark on Bloglovin' and even though I'd be happy just rambling away to one person who was willing listen to me chat about mascara and ambient lighting powders, I can't thank you all enough for supporting I Covet Thee and allowing me to turn a hobby into a career with so many incredible opportunities. In the past year alone I've managed to meet and get to know some of the people that have been inspiring me since this all started, made a new friend for life and even travelled to Paris - the most beautiful city in the world, all thanks to you! So here's to the next four years, and the rest. This is only the beginning! <> lifestyle
March Favourites <> So this post is almost a week overdue (although I was convince I'd already written it.. where is my mind!?) but I thought I'd update you all anyway as what better way to spend a rather gloomy Wednesday afternoon (Spring, see you soon?) than catching up on a new monthly favourites video! March's picks are another short and sweet bunch, but a good lot nonetheless. Some new skincare additions have finally trickled their way into my regular routine and a I'm having a moment with all things light, sheer and dewy in the make up department! <> misc
My Everyday Make Up Bag & Routine <>  Since the last update on my current picks for everyday make up was all the way back in Autumn - my how time flies, and as I'm no longer craving full coverage foundations and berry lips (and for that matter dark colours and warm layers) I thought we were about due a revisit of my go-to look. Instead it's a lighter hand and more glow inducing products that I've been cramming into my make up bag, and this month it's all about keeping to subtle shades and soft blending, while not forgetting the necessary slick of liquid liner that I've been all about recently and some seriously plumped up lashes. Natural skin meets defined eyes, think of it as the 5:2 approach to make up! <> misc
This Week: Charlotte Tilbury X Norman Parkinson <> Last week I definitely had one of those surreal 'pinch me' moments when I found myself not only sitting in the same room as a handful of blogging babes that I've been reading and looking up to for years - but also, at the head of a perfectly decorated table, Charlotte Tilbury. It's days like this that really have me thanking my lucky stars that my blog has come from posting pictures of Subway cookies and Friends quotes to something that has allowed me to meet one of me absolute idols. Gushing aside, we were there to preview Charlotte's SS15 collaboration with Norman Parkinson, renowned fashion photographer and the king of vintage Vogue covers. The four piece collection features a gorgeous cream version of the famous Film Star Bronze & Glow, a dewey, brightening Colour of Youth cream blush and a highlighting powder that I'm pretty much planning on marrying, as well as a make up bag (which I'm already making full use off, as seen in today's video), all packaged in beautiful rose gold compacts printed with some of Parkinson's most iconic images. Unfortunately the collection doesn't land in stores until July which right now seems ridiculously far in the distance - although I know it'll be here before we know it, so expect to see a more detailed review closer to the time! I also vlogged most of the day, which included catching up with Suzie, a naughty Zara purchase and a Nutella filled cookie that left us both drooling, plus a mini hair transformation that happened later in the week, which can all be seen here! <> lifestyle
The Best Budget Micellar Water <> Probably the only thing more satisfying than stepping away from the mirror, make up routine complete, liquid liner flicks symmetrical, is the moment at the end of the day when it comes to taking it all off again. A fresh face after clocking a few hours of make up wear-time is just about the most freeing feeling ever, but when it comes down to the actual process of removal I'm ashamed to say that I've been known to put it off for as long as possible to avoid the hassle of reaching for the series of different steps needed to break those layers down. This is where I turn to micellar waters - I'd be willing to bet my mascara collection that there's now a bottle of the stuff and a stash of cotton pads hiding away in nearly every room of my flat for such times when I'm craving a make up free face, so it goes without saying I get through the stuff pretty quickly. Luckily for my bank balance, these days there are a whole host of budget friendly options available on the high street and after trying just about all of them I have to say it's the Nivea Sensitive 3-in-1 Cleansing Water that comes out on top. Aside from the fact that this really does remove make up like no other - one soaked cotton pad per eye, held on gently for a few seconds has you covered for melting away every scrap of mascara, shadow and tough-to-budge liquid liner (Stila All Day Waterproof Liquid Liner, I'm looking at you), it's also so gentle and kind to my skin.  Stressed out skin and sensitivity is something I'm having to deal with on a day to day basis at the moment (let's say one too many episodes of The Walking Dead before bed isn't helping my levels of calm) and the cooling formula of the cleansing water works perfectly to soothe away any redness or irritation, especially as it's free of perfumes, parabens, alcohol and all those nasties! Best of all though, being infused with grape seed oil it actually leaves my skin feeling plumped, fresh and hydrated, giving me the time to potter around without any uncomfortable feeling of tightness while I give my skin a chance to breath before continuing with the rest of my routine.  For me it really does tick all the boxes when it comes to finding the perfect micellar water. Super speedy to use, amazing removal power and kind to my skin all at the same time! Plus, the budget price really comes in handy with my quest to fill every available corner with a bottle of make up remover! <> beauty
This Week: The South's Best Mac & Cheese <> Another Sunday, another trip to The Tenth Hole in Southsea followed by a few hours spent in the inevitable food coma. This time we went for the savoury option (although a slice of cake may have made it onto our plates later on..) and probably the best mac & cheese I've ever eaten - gooey, cheesy, carb loaded goodness which was definitely worth the fifteen minute wait in the cold you're likely to find most weekends. After a start to the week that, lets be honest, mostly revolved around food, the next few days turned into a bit of a whirlwind after finally tackling a backlog of blog posts that I've been meaning to get out for weeks - expect to see more regular content soon! On Thursday I found myself on the 10:30 train to London where, after a quick rendezvous with Suzie, I got the chance to preview Charlotte Tilbury's latest collection in collaboration with Norman Parkinson - details to follow next week! For now though I'll be spending the rest of the weekend at home with family and a box of Maltesers that, although intended as a Mother's day gift, I'll no doubt be polishing off myself around the time this post goes live.. I hope you and your Mums are all having a lovely day! <> lifestyle
This Week: The South's Best Mac & Cheese <> Like most hauls, this one started off with a single innocent purchase that spiralled into a full fledged raid of Space NK - once again confirming the fact that I should not be allowed into that store unsupervised. The newest drop from NARS in the form of their All Day Luminous Weightless Foundation (which F.Y.I I'm loving at the moment) may have been the only thing I planned on purchasing last month, but like a moth to a flame I was drawn in by the likes of By Terry, Laura Mercier and Hourglass as well. Oh how easily I can be swayed by shiny gold packaging... <> misc
February Favourites <> I get tired of saying this nearly every month, but February really has flown by. Spring is definitely in the air and I'm finally starting to shake that Winter feeling that's been with me since Christmas. The (ever so slightly) warmer weather is not only brightening my mood, but it's also increased my productivity levels - hopefully you should be seeing at least two videos a week from me in March, woo! Back to February though and as with last month's favourites I've kept things short and sweet with just a handful of the best products that have been making their way into my beauty routine on a daily basis, including a set of beautiful rose gold brushes that won't break the bank, a few Spring launches that I've been devouring and a budget micellar water that may just live up to the likes of Bioderma! <> misc
Hair Chat: Favourite Products & Styling Routine <> An updated hair routine has been long overdue for some time now, as not only have my cut and colour changed dramatically from the last instalment, but my styling process too. I've stripped down the amount of products I was using and now stick to the key items that generally revolve the big four - shampoo, conditioner, a treatment and one styling product, and honestly my hair's never been happier. I've also thrown in a little how-to using the GHD Curve Classic Wave Wand - my new favourite heat tool, which is the closest thing I've ever found to achieving the tousled, Olsen-esque locks that I've always dreamt of! <> misc
Topshop, Asos & Missguided Haul <> Over the last few weeks I've been giving my wardrobe a bit of an overhaul and after accumulating quite a few new items - from basics to one rather large investment piece, a haul was definitely in order! February is always an awkward month for style. The weather is still bitterly cold making layers and thick knits a necessity but with Spring just around the corner it's hard not to find yourself yearning for bright colours, sheer materials and lighter coats. Today's haul is the best of both with Winter staples contributing to the bulk of my picks but a few warm weather appropriate pieces making an appearance too! <> misc
A Little Trip to Paris <> Last week ended up being a complete whirlwind that I'm still getting over, but a very fun one indeed. On Monday morning before the sun had barely even risen Suzie, Lucy, Tijan and I were whisked away to Paris for the day with the French beauty subscription box service, My Little Box. We were invited along for a tour of the office and after a quick sit down for brunch and a fierce instagramming session we had a good nose around their beautiful space which, if I had to describe in just one word would be utterly 'Pinterestable'. From one food stop to the next we headed over to Buvette in the ninth arrondissement were I indulged in a plate of Croque-Forestier, a melt in the mouth cheese, bread and mushroom explosion that I won't be forgetting in a while. Afterwards we made a stop at Oh My Cream, a gorgeous beauty boutique dedicated entirely to skincare with the likes of Sunday Riley, Antipodes, REN and Aurelia lining the shelves. We had a workshop session on devising the perfect routine - aka an hour of trying out as many products as possible that I'd always wanted to get my hands on, and all left with a very big mental shopping list.  Our last hour in the city was spent doing a quick run of the pharmacies - no time to stop off as Sephora this time around unfortunately but I did manage to stock up on a year's worth of Bioderma! Before I knew it we were heading back to Le Gare du Nord and hopping on the train to London again. It was a fleeting visit but a very special one and I also vlogged the day - see below! Paris, you were beautiful as always and I miss you already! <>  misc
January Favourites <> Twelve months worth of favourites videos have been and gone and now we're back to square one with the first edition of 2015 and my January beauty loves. January wasn't the most exciting month for make up - I could probably count the number of times I went out of the house with a full face on two hands, but I still managed to pick out a some gems from the last few weeks, including an oh-so covetable brush that I've been dying to try and a new fragrance love! <> misc
The Best Healthy Cookies <> I'm a bit of a sweet tooth fiend when it comes to the weekends, especially when chocolate biscuits are involved - wave a packet of McVitties dark chocolate digestives anywhere near me and I'll be salivating. In order to avoid the inevitable mid-day sugar crash though I decided that making my own sweet treats would probably be best and began searching for the perfect healthy cookie recipe. For a long time it was an almost impossible task but just as I was about to give up hope and resign myself to the fact that flavour and 'good for you' ingredients just couldn't coincide I discovered Ella's blog. This place is literally a dairy, gluten and refined sugar free heaven and while I haven't quite taken the steps to eliminate all of those from my diet just yet, cutting down always makes an amazing difference to my energy levels. A year on and the Deliciously Ella cookbook has just hit the shelves and I made sure to grab myself a copy and devour it as quickly as possible. One of my favourite recipes from both the blog and book are the Chocolate Chia Cookies. These couldn't be easier to make (anything that can be thrown into a food processor all in one go gets a thumbs up from me) and they taste delicious, honestly better than any other biscuits I've tasted and bonus - they're packed full of good ingredients! A batch of these make for the perfect fuss free Sunday bake and will have your home smelling gloriously chocolaty without any of the guilt! <> misc
Disappointing Products <> It's not often that I focus on products I don't like or didn't get on with, as one person's least favourite mascara is bound to be someone's Holy Grail and I try to keep things as negativity free as possible when it comes to content. January always has me itching for a clear out though, particularly when it comes to my ever-growing make up stash, and whilst rummaging around in various drawers, baskets and containers I came across a handful of products that in one way or another really let me down, most of the time due to the hype that caused me to buy into them in the first place! For now they'll be making their way to new homes, but before that I thought I'd let you in on why these handful of products just didn't do it for me. <> misc
This Week: Lunch at Jamie's <> It's been a while since I had the chance to snap some mouthwateringly tasty food, as for the last month I've been keeping to my new year's resolutions pretty well (save a few squares of Dairy Milk here and there!) and have been avoiding eating out too frequently. My tastebuds ended up getting the better of me last weekend though and I practically skipped through the door of Jamie's Italian with one thing on my mind - the Baked Chestnut Mushrooms, probably my favourite restaurant dish ever. If you've yet to try it, do. The non-alcoholic refresher cocktail is an absolute must too - think liquid sour skittles over ice, perfection. I can't quite believe we've already reached the last This Week post of the month, and next Sunday we'll be in February. It'll honestly be 2016 before we know it! I've got a couple of exciting things coming up over the next few weeks, which include visits to my two favourite cities - London and Paris! After a few failed vlogging attempts since Vlogmas I'm determined to document it all properly, so expect to see some vlogs making a slightly more regular appearance on my channel over the next few months! <> misc
Drugstore Make Up Favourites <> The drugstore weekend take over continues with a look at my all time favourite budget make up products! I was aiming for a top ten, but after a good look through the archives and an hour or two playing with products at my dressing table it was impossible to narrow the selection down. I was so enthusiastic in fact, that I managed to ramble through this at almost hundred miles an hour (you may need to pause to get your breath back) and committed the ultimate beauty blogger sin of forgetting swatches - oops! Overlooking that though I let you all in on my love for L'Oreal eye products, make a case for a very convincing Hourglass Ambient Lighting Powder dupe and pick out my top three bold lip options from the drugstore.. a very tough choice indeed! <> misc
New In: Three from the Drugstore <> Another day, another Boots haul! Checking the 'New In' section of beauty sites is a bit of a weekly ritual for me and when I spied an interesting looking green edition of my all time favourite mascara, I let out what was definitely a small squeal and mentally booked in a trip to the L'Oreal stand. The Miss Manga Punky Mascara boasts the same amazing formula but with a new plastic wand and some seriously fluorescent packaging. It actually physically pains me to say I was disappointed with this. The bristles are short and spiky as opposed to the long fibres of the original and left my lashes looking clumpy, uneven and actually wonky in places instead of the thick, full and separated look I've come to expect from Miss Manga. I've tried to love it, but really can't. Stick to the original ladies! I was also running low on another drugstore favourite - the Archery Pencil from Soap & Glory and (partly swayed by Suzie and this video) I decided to go for the lighter of the two colours, Blondshell. When swatched on my hand this is definitely too blonde for me and a lot warmer than my usual shade, but surprisingly fills in my brows really naturally. I find I can be much more heavy handed with this than the darker Hot Chocolate, which I've now been reserving for shaping the arch of my brows and filling in any super sparse areas.  Of course, it's always hard to escape a good deal in Boots and I ended up picking up a second product from Soap & Glory in the form of their Solar Powder. I really don't need another bronzer in my life, but I'm determined to find the perfect drugstore formula. On first use this actually reminded me the Clarins Bronzing Duo - a firm favourite in the bronzer rankings, and I have to say I'm impressed. This has none of the chalkiness I've come to expect of budget bronzers and is well pigmented with the perfect not too orange, not too muddy shade.  Two loves, one unexpected leave from the latest trip around the aisles. Have you tried any of these three? P.S - If you're into drugstore products, tomorrows video will be very much up your street! <> lifestyle
Minimal Make Up Routine <> I feel like I owe my skin a bit of a break after the festive season. Not only did I go all out on the full coverage foundations, party looks and glitter but I also consumed way too much dairy - aka the five Terry's Chocolate Oranges and entire family sized cheese board I polished off over Christmas and it's really taken it's toll. Since December I've barely worn make up at all unless I'm venturing out the house and even then it's just been a very simple routine of minimal but glow boosting products that have been giving my skin a well deserved breather. <> misc
Wear It, Beat It <> Who else is surprised that I've actually incorporated a little bit of colour into my wardrobe for a change? Seeing as about 90% of the clothes I own are either black, white or grey, I thought it was about time to branch out into something other than monochrome. I've been eyeing this beautiful red coat from Warehouse for a while now and after spying it in the Asos January sale I had to snap one up for myself. It's the cosiest thing ever, perfectly oversized to fit a snug jumper underneath and when teamed with a black and white outfit (let's face it, I can only handle so much colour at once) I can't get enough of it! Who else is surprised that I've actually incorporated a little bit of colour into my wardrobe for a change? Seeing as about 90% of the clothes I own are either black, white or grey, I thought it was about time to branch out into something other than monochrome. I've been eyeing this beautiful red coat from Warehouse for a while now and after spying it in the Asos January sale I had to snap one up for myself. It's the cosiest thing ever, perfectly oversized to fit a snug jumper underneath and when teamed with a black and white outfit (let's face it, I can only handle so much colour at once) I can't get enough of it! Wearing red may seem part of the norm for some but today I'm taking part in Wear It, Beat It, an event organised by the British Heart Foundation, a charity that's very close to my own heart. I think it's so important to give back and help others and for over 50 years the BHF have been at the forefront of research that's transformed the lives of those living with heart and circulatory diseases. The event takes place on Friday 6th February and you can join in by doing anything from wearing red - be it a piece of clothing or even a lipstick (I went for a slick of Maybelline Fab Orange myself), to hosting an event of your own whether it involves baking, having a red day at work or even just spending a night in with some red snacks and a film - I nominate Moulin Rouge! There's plenty of inspiration on the BHF site if you're struggling for ideas and you can also sign up for a free fundraising kit here. Don't forget to upload your red day image onto Instagram and Twitter on the 6th using the hashtag #WearItBeatIt. I can't wait to see all your selfies! <> style
This Week: Meet Up's & Halloumi Overload  <> It's been a while since I did a proper This Week post - let's blame my inability to remember to pull out the camera whenever I'm actually doing something, or the fact that eating food usually takes priority over snapping it. Yesterday though was Suzie's Meet Up in the Brighton Topshop Personal Shopping Space and I tagged along for the day to say hello and managed to meet a handful of the sweetest girls for a good chat over mini cupcakes. Of course, whenever we get together for the day food has to be involved and we stopped at the Italian Kitchen in Churchill Square for some quick lunch and went a little crazy with the Halloumi - burger for Suzie (which we were convinced contained a whole packet of the stuff) and salad for me as I'm still keen to stick to my goals this year of making sensible choices when it comes to food! Although it's very much in the early stages - aka just popped into our heads, Suzie and I would love to plan a meet up somewhere together in London to get a chance to meet even more of you, so let us know if that's something you'd come along to or like to see happen this year! <> misc
Three New Year's Lifestyle Resolutions <> Last January instead of making a list of resolutions as long as my arm that would no doubt be forgotten by the end of the month, I set myself three small and simple goals which, although may have wavered at some points - namely Christmas, Birthdays and any occasion that pizza was involved the night before, I feel like I've managed to keep up and even make a bit of a habit of overall. With that little success under my belt, this year I've decided to go one better and incorporate three slightly bigger changes into my daily life in hopes of aiming for a healthier and happier 2015. Getting on Top of Fitness Exercise and fitness is definitely something I neglected last year and could probably count the number of gym visits (and total amount of sit-ups managed) on one hand. This is something I definitely want to change in the coming months and seeing as there are so many amazing resources for fitness online these days, the majority of which cost absolutely nothing, I won't even have to leave the comfort of my living room to get started. Fitness Blender and Blogilates are now up there amongst my most watched channels on YouTube and with hundreds of easy to follow videos between them, my goal is to dedicate half an hour of my morning as often as possible to working through their archives. I've also taken the plunge this year and started the Kayla Itsines Bikini Body Work Out. If there was ever a motivational Instagram account to follow, it's Kayla's and after scrolling through people's stories of success and being overwhelmed by the positive attitude Kayla has towards living a healthier lifestyle I decided this was the work out for me. I was under no illusions that it was going to be an easy ride and although the morning after completing Day One it took me half an hour just to get out of bed, it was so invigorating to finish a whole work out knowing that I'm slowly but surely making my way to a positive change. Here's hoping I make it through the full twelve weeks! A Green Smoothie A Day.. Last year I rather unwisely got myself into drinking coffee and have become worryingly reliant on a caffeine boost to wake me up in the morning. Although the instant effects may feel good, I inevitably end up in a bit of a slump come midday and really hate to think what all that dark roast is doing to my insides. Although I'm sure I'll still be enjoying the odd cup every now and then - gotta' use up those Costa points, this year I want to switch my morning pick me up to something a little greener.  Investing in a Nutribullet was definitely one of the best decisions I've ever made and everything from smoothies to hummus is now a breeze to rustle up. The Green Monster from the Oh She Glows Cookbook is a super simple combination of almond milk, banana, spinach, chia seeds and almond butter (plus anything else you fancy throwing in) and one of my favourites smoothies to make. Not only do they taste delicious but I can literally feel the goodness spreading through me every time I drink a cup and substituting one a day for my regular coffee should have me bounding around the house with good, clean energy! Treating My Skin Let's be honest.. I'm not getting any younger and 2014 was definitely the year I began to notice just how much my skin has changed in it's 22nd year. It's shifted from the oily end of the scale to a now permanent state of dehydration and although drinking my two litres of water a day will always be the best remedy, treating myself to something other than my normal skincare routine at least once a week wouldn't go amiss.  I've started off the year with a round of the Elemis Cellular Recovery Skin Bliss Capsules*. These two-a-day little boosters are about as close to a detox as a skincare product could get, packed with anti-oxidants and reviving ingredients designed to help your skin get back to how it should be and couldn't come at a better time after an exhausting end to the year. I'm also big believer in masks but usually leave things until the last minute when my skin is crying out for a good purifying instead of taking preventative measures. This year I'm going to dedicate my Sunday evenings to having a make up free, masked up moment and I'll be relying on the Aesop Parsley Seed Masque to save me from my current skin woes.  Another good habit I'm aiming to get into is using a Ying Yu Jade Facial Roller*. The difference this makes on tired under-eyes in the morning is quite astonishing - and it feels wonderful. It's also a great one for boosting circulation to the face and making everything look brighter and heather. Let's get rolling, rolling, rolling..  My goals for the year may be a lot harder than last January's, but I'm determined to stick to them while keeping you updated in the process. Beauty will always be close to my heart, but this year I want to take I Covet Thee in a slightly different direction with a few lifestyle posts making their way in between the make up raves and new skincare finds and I'd love your feedback on this, along with your new year's resolutions too! What are you hoping to achieve in 2015? <> lifestle
Best of Beauty in 2014 <> Since we've reached the end of the year it only feels right to end things on a high note with the ultimate countdown of the best beauty products from the last twelve months. I'm talking make up, nails, skincare, hair products and everything body related wrapped up into two (undeniably long and rambling) videos that cover pretty much every category across the board. If you've been pondering what my favourite foundation, blusher, hair mask or even toner were throughout the year, grab yourself a cuppa', get comfortable and enjoy my roundup of the Best in Beauty from 2104! <> beauty
Summing Up Vlogmas <> Today we find ourselves facing the first Monday of 2015 and with that a sad realisation that the holidays are officially over and it's back to work and a normal routine that doesn't involve scoffing chocolate for breakfast every morning. For those still missing the festive feeling and with an hour on their hands for a bit of YouTube catch up, I've rounded up this year's Vlogmas four-parter below which, fingers crossed, should be enough to ease your Christmas cravings.  Part One - [here] Things got off to a little bit of a slow start - vlogging on a Monday is never the most thrilling experience, but midweek Darren's band Fantana played an awesome gig which I managed to get a snippet of - followed by a cheeky late night McDonald's drive through, oops! Other highlights include a rummage around in my grocery shopping, opening advent calendars and a behind the scenes look at my Winter Coat Lookbook. We started shopping for Christmas decorations, put up the tree and I got my first festive coffee fix of the month.  Part Two - [here] This week was an incredibly busy one and unfortunately I didn't manage to pick up the camera as much as I would have liked, but an intense week of Birthdays, work and a whirlwind trip to London were rounded off with a lovely weekend away in Brighton. Darren and I met up with Suzie and Josh and we attempted to eat the biggest burger and chips I've ever had placed in front of me, took a lovely stroll around a very festive looking city - expect many shots of twinkly lights, and stayed in a pretty funky hotel complete with pink floors and a see-through toilet door. Part Three - [here] The third instalment of Vlogmas was my favourite by far. Suzie came to visit, this time with Nala in tow (who I'm convinced is the sweetest dog in the world) and we spend a hilarious afternoon filming some festive-themed videos (check them out here) which was rounded off perfectly with a Nando's and a good chat. On the weekend I finally made it to my favourite Christmas market of the year in Winchester and spent the day wandering around the stalls, doing some last minute shopping and getting into the festive spirit. Part Four - [here] A short and sweet final vlog summing up my Christmas Day, spent visiting family, eating ALL the food (Christmas dinner is possibly my favourite meal of the year) and vegging out on the sofa in festive pyjamas after a lovely but tiring day. <> misc
The Post-NYE Saviour <> Happy New Year everyone and welcome to the first post of 2015 - woo! I hope you all had a fabulous night and whether it was spent in heels or pyjamas, I have no doubt we all stayed up a lot later than usual and are probably paying for it this morning. As a year-round member of the dark circle club - no matter how much sleep I get or how many litres of water I drink they're always just there, I've done my fair share of research on the subject of hiding them and one product that I've found to do a pretty fantastic job is the Estée Lauder Double Wear Brush-On Glow BB Highlighter.  A few dots (or half the tube in my case) of this over the top of your regular concealer brightens everything up incredibly well, especially when taken in a Kim-K style 'V' from the inner corner of your eye to the cheekbone. Some may even be able to get away with using this alone - for a highlighting pen the coverage isn't too shabby, but for me doubling up on formulas is a must. This probably won't be the end of my lifelong search for the perfect all in one concealer - a girl can dream, right? But for now, I know I'll be twisting up a generous amount of this come New Year's day and after all late nights to follow. Heck - it's even packed in a beautiful gold tube that will ride in like a Knight in shining armour to ease your eye-bag woes! <> misc
December Favourites <> December often gets left out when it comes to my monthly favourites videos as it's usually scrapped in favour of the big yearly round up - of which my 2014 edition will be making it's way to you this week, but seeing as it's probably my favourite month of all (excluding June of course, who doesn't love their birthday month the most!?) I've gathered together a small selection of my most reached for products from the last four weeks, including a few festive picks, an old favourite revisited and a Winter skincare duo that I can't rave about enough! <> misc
The Best of I Covet Thee in 2014 <> he facts and figures nerd inside me loves to keep an eye on statistics, so as we approach the end of a year's worth of blogging (mostly involving staring blankly at a computer screen wondering why the camera decided to focus on the wall instead of my face), it's always interesting to see what your favourite moments were. Below are the five most popular posts of 2014! Do you remember them all? Make Up Collection & Storage: Muji Drawer Tour - I'm not surprised this twenty-minute ramble about my make up collection comes in at the top spot as I've been known to dedicate far too much time myself to watching make up storage videos online - let's call it a guilty pleasure. Collections grow and change at a considerable speed and this one's already starting to look a little old, could it be time for an update? Get Ready With Me: Everyday Autumn Make Up - Probably my favourite look of the year, this simple everyday make up with a smokey eye and a bold lip twist was also the most viewed video of the last twelve months.  Minimal Make Up - Despite my love of 'piling it all on' when it comes to make up, I'm always on the hunt for the perfect combination of products to achieve that coveted 'no make up make up' look. I may not have cracked the ultimate five product face quite yet, but this post came very close.  What's In My Bag: Zara Mini Office City - Another YouTube tag staple and one that I always have a good time filming. Cue rummaging around in the depths of my handbag and revealing the ridiculous amount of lip products I carry around on a daily basis. I think we got up to seven in this one. By Terry Ombre Blackstar: A Highstreet Dupe - Who doesn't love a good budget dupe? Especially when it's a purse-friendly version of one of the year's most raved about make up staples. Here's to more budget finds in 2015! <> style
Beauty Sales Picks <> In recent years Boxing Day has been all about consuming my body weight in cheese and leftovers, spending the entire day in festive themed pyjamas and most importantly, tucking myself up on the sofa, iPad in hand and dedicating a good few hours to trawling the online beauty sales. There are always some gems to be found - particularly when it comes to reduced Christmas sets and brand-wide discounts and all without the stress of venturing into an actual shop on the day all sales assistants have come to loath - trust me, I've been there.  Space NK is always one for slashing prices on covetable brands and this year their Best of Cracker Set includes deluxe travel sizes from Oribe, Laura Mericer and Caudalie to name a few. I can see myself busting these open upon arrival rather then waiting patiently until everyone is sat around the table. The Tarte Au Citron Luxe Quartet from Laura Mericer also makes an appearance in the sale containing a body cream, honey bath, scrub and shimmer mist all in this zesty but sweet scent. Similarly Cult Beauty have turned out a few corkers from their roster of amazing brands, including the Kevyn Aucoin Essentials Eyeshadow Set which comes in three shades - number one being my favourite, each housing six beautifully wearable neutrals with velvety smooth textures.  The majority of this year's picks all hail from Look Fantastic which certainly didn't disappoint in the sales department, starting with an amazing almost half-price discount on the Sunday Riley Effortless Breathable Tinted Primer, a sheer but unifying base I've been eyeing since it's first Lisa Eldridge mention many moons ago. They're also serving up a helping of Limited Edition NARS in the form of the Algorithm Bronzing Powder - a.k.a Laguna packed up in some pretty decadent packaging. As we all know NARS products are the worst absorbers of dust, make up and smudges, so this palette is very tempting, and it's just so, so pretty. Nail polishes are always a guaranteed sales find, and the Nails Inc Alexa Hearts Collection (which I actually happened to receive myself this Christmas - yes it's just as stunning in real life) teams three gorgeous unique shades with three not-to-be-missed top coats; chunky gold stars, red hearts and a holographic glitter. I also can't help but be tempted by the chic and elegant glass bottles of the Deborah Lippmann nail polishes - a brand I've never tried but judging from the amount of neutral shades and this amazing looking glitter, one I'm sure I'll be owning soon. In the slightly more indulgent price range comes the GHD Rose Gold Straightner Set. Rose Gold. GHD's. Fifteen percent off. Need I say more? For skincare lovers and fans of investing in products the Sarah Chapman range has been widely discounted on Feel Unique and as a lover of their cult Overnight Facial, I can't help but be intrigued by the Morning version which claims to plump and boost radiance as well as it's evening predecessor with a lighter, more day friendly formula. As in most post-Christmas sales, the Clarasonic Mia is reduced again and I really couldn't think of a better way to treat your skin in the Winter months. It may have it's pro's and con's, but I know it can be relied on to pull my skin out of any sort of drama and with consistent use (something I admittedly slack on) really does make a vast difference. Ending on a accessories note, Asos is the place to go right now if you're looking for a new make up bag. My favourite of the bunch is this Cath Kidston Double Decker Bus Print which I can see happily housing all my daily picks. If you're more into beauty tools, Beauty Bay have a sweet little set of Tweezerman mini tweezers - the undisputed best of the best, alongside an eyelash curler which I've heard very, very good things about. Bonus points also for the beautiful silver and white design - always a sucker for chic packaging! <> beauty
The Pre-Christmas Pamper | #ICovetChristmas <> I'm sure we're probably all in the same boat right now and that boat is named 'stressed out to the max'. Gone are the days when deciding which Christmas film to watch next was the most strenuous task in December, and now it's countless shopping trips, planning meals, hand-aching card writing sessions and the never ending task of wrapping presents (which is still on my to-do list for tonight, yikes!). I think it's fair to say that we could all do with a little pamper time, and what better night to save it for than Christmas Eve.  For me, a bath means instant relaxation, and I've been holding onto a little bar of The Comforter from Lush with the intention of using it tonight, hence it's slightly lacklustre appearance.. Sweet, fruity and warm, but uplifting at the same time it's the perfect one to leave you refreshed and calm and also teams up nicely with Rose Jam Shower Gel, one of this year's limited Christmas editions.  Masks all around is usually the way I like to go for a serious pamper session, so it's REN's Glycolatcic Radiance Renewal Mask for the face (again another sample size I've been hoarding for just such an occasion) which exfoliates with a combination of gentle acids to blast away dull looking skin and Bumble & Bumble's Deep Treatment to re-hydrate my over-styled, dry Winter hair. All the bonus points to this one for smelling like sugary bananas and leaving my locks super smooth after every use. Finishing touches include a good helping of Kiehl's Midnight Recovery Concentrate*, an overnight miracle worker that's only recently been added to my routine but one I can sense is never going to be leaving. A few drops before moisturiser is all you need to wake up on the big day with bright, glowing skin. There's also nothing like winding down in some festive pyjamas with your favourite Christmas flick - The Holiday will always be the one for me, an entire Terry's Chocolate Orange for one (because calories don't count around this time of year, of course) and getting yourself Christmas Day ready with a manicure. Essie's Winter Collection Miniatures are doing it for me at the moment, and I think the sparkle silver 'Jiggle Hi Jiggle Low' is going to be the one tonight! Will you be indulging in a Christmas Eve pamper? <> misc
Christmas Q&A With Suzie! | #ICovetChristmas <> The lovely Suzie and I got together in front of the camera again last week and instead of the usual beauty chit chat, we thought we'd embrace that festive feeling and answer your Christmas questions! Expect some (possibly not so wonderful) singing, drooling over Xmas dinner foods and the great Christmas film debate: The Holiday or Love Actually? Enjoy! <> misc
The Christmas Jumper | #ICovetChristmas <> It's no secret that I love a good Christmas jumper (just check the stash I have tucked away under my bed from the last five years) and when it comes to picking the right festive attire, it's usually the tackier the better. This December though I've gone down a completely different route with an understated grey number from H&M. Being a fan of the monochrome wardrobe - black, grey and white make up the majority of my outfits these days, this slots in perfectly and the simple 'Dear Santa, I Want It All' slogan written in cute silver balls which A) couldn't be more relevant and B) adds just the right festive touch.  It's also a jumper I'm not ashamed to be seen wearing in public - unlike the bright red light up snowman equipped with 3D nose and scarf I have somewhere in my collection, and have happily wandered around in it all week with Mariah Carey playing on repeat in my head. Have you found this year's Christmas jumper yet? <> misc
Christmas Party Make Up | #ICovetChristmas <> When I think about the festive party season one word stands out to me; glitter, glitter and more glitter. It just isn't Christmas without it, so for this year's party look I've gone for a beyond sparkly gold eye and of course, lashings of red lipstick. This also marks the start of my countdown to the big day - look out for the hashtag #ICovetChristmas, where things are going to get sickeningly festive around these parts.. you have been warned! <> misc
Serozinc Comes to the UK <> The moment all skincare lovers have been waiting for is finally here, La Roche-Posay's Serozinc Zinc Sulfate Solution is now available to buy in the UK! This little blue can just about clinches the title for 'most hyped skincare products of the year' (who thought a toner could make me giddy with joy when spotted in the aisles of a Parisian pharmacy?) but unless you were planning a trip to France or willing to drop more than double the asking price on eBay, it's proved practically impossible to obtain. Thankfully though the skincare Gods have heard our calling and Serozinc will be stocked for the first time on Escentual. Still not quite as easy as popping down your local Boots, but fingers crossed with the likes of Bioderma now being rolled out across the country, we may not have to wait too long before picking up a can of this skin soothing, blemish fighting wonder becomes as easy as buying toothpaste! <> misc
Three Winter Coats <> The Winter coat is probably my favourite item of clothing ever, but since finding 'The One' isn't always easy I've picked three different styles that cover all bases - the smart option, the throw on jacket and something warm and cosy. Put those all together with some chilly-weather appropriate outfits, a few awkward in-car changes and a very cold Saturday afternoon and you have three minutes of Winter wardrobe goodness! <> misc
Winter Skincare Staples <> It doesn't take much to get me chatting about skincare, especially in Winter when a combination of bad weather, central heating and scoffing as much Christmas chocolate as I can get my hands on turns my skin into a dehydrated, dull mess. When the colder months roll around I like to bulk up my routine with a few extra steps and re-introduce the products that I know will keep things as soft and hydrated as they should be - my Winter staples! <> misc
November Favourites <> The second to last edition of this year's favourites videos - my how time flies when you're hoarding lipsticks. I've found an unexpected nail polish love, a body butter that will make you want to eat your own arm it smells so good and a handful of new make up items that I haven't been able to say no to all month! <> misc
What's On My Christmas List <>  Things are about to get very festive around these parts come December, so what better way to kick things off than with my own personal Christmas List. Over the past few months I've been putting in some serious time window shopping, saving up links and scribbling things down on post-it notes that I've ensured make their way into Darren's possession, mostly by sticking them on the bathroom mirror.  Unsurprisingly the list is a beauty exclusive zone, starting with a perfume that's been on my mind for nearly an entire year when I came across it last December. Diptyque Volutes Eau de Toilette is a deep, musky fragrance unlike anything else in my collection and one that would make for a perfect warm Winter scent. I've also been eyeing up their Baies Room Spray after my trip to Suzie's where this made her entire flat smell beautiful. Candles have always been a constant in my Christmas lists over the years and this time it's the Malin + Goetz Votive Set that's caught my eye. While the scents of Dark Rum, Tocacco and Vetiver may be an odd combination to get your head around, I've heard they're not to be missed. The colder seasons are also when I like to indulge in a good amount of bath time and Laura Mercier's Honey Musk Bath & Body Duet, combining the Soufflé Body Cream and Honey Bath, looks like the perfect touch of luxury for this. Also on the list for winding down in the evening is the This Works Deep Sleep Plus+, a soothing pillow spray that aids in drifting off to sleep and another constant on my list year by year. The new ramped up Plus+ formula also promises to help any restless sleepers enjoy an uninterrupted slumber and I can't say no to that. Aside from the obligatory novelty socks (these Christmas Kitten pair from Asos are definitely the one) the last few bits on this list fall somewhere in the category of 'it's just so pretty!' items that I can't get out of my head, including the Zoeva Rose Gold Brush Set which I've been dreaming of owning for months - not just a beautiful set of brushes but from a brand I've come to trust and love too, and the Nails Inc Alexa Hearts Collection. Since Alexa Chung became the face of the brand and the new packaging design launched earlier this year, Nails Inc have been peaking my interest more so than my all time favourite Essie - and that's saying something. This set contains six polishes, with three exclusive shades, a holographic top coat and two chunky glitters made up of hearts and stars. I'm in love! Deep breath - that was a long one! What's on your Christmas list this year? <> style
Weekend Vlog: Christmas Markets & Crepes <> Like it or not, Vlogmas is right around the corner and in preparation for a whole month of non-stop vlogging I thought it was about time to dust off the camera and get back into the swing of things with a few snippets from last weekend. It may not have been the most eventful two days but things are getting pretty festive around these parts so a visit to the first Christmas market of the year was in order. Large amounts of crepe were consumed, fairy lights awed at and Primark raided for novelty knitwear. All in all, a good weekend I'd say! <> misc
Jennifer Lawrence Inspired Drugstore Make Up Look <> It was only a matter of time before I had to sit down and recreate one of Jennifer Lawrence's make up looks. From her always glowing skin to the fact that she's absolutely hilarious, I'm bordering on obsessed with this girl. Jen (yes, we're on first name terms now) wore this natural dewy make up with a subtle smoky eye to the LA Premiere of The Hunger Games Mockingjay movie and I'm sure it's one I'll be bringing out again and again! <> beauty
Autumn Beauty Haul <> The last month has been a good one for beauty buys - from a trip to the Burberry store in Covent Garden to browsing the aisles of boots (can't beat a 3 for 2!) and today I'm showing you what's made it into my shopping basket. I've gone a little mad on the lip pencil front, found a concealer that might just replace my beloved Origins Plantscription and stocked up on bath goodies for some cosy Autumn soaks!  <> beauty