Iranian Winnipeggers turned away from flight to U.S. for academic conference - Manitoba - CBC News 
CBC.ca MENU  TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More  Watch Listen Log in SEARCH    British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland &amp; Labrador North  Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map  CBC Member  CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments  Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts  Log Out Log out of your CBC account.  My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out  
Manitoba
LIVE 
Manitoba 
More Streams 		
Radio One	
Listen Live 
CBC News Canada 
CBC News Navigation 
Home 
Opinion 
World 
Canada 
Politics 
Business 
Health 
Entertainment 
Technology &amp; Science 
Video 
Canada 
Manitoba 
Iranian Winnipeggers turned away from flight to U.S. for academic conference 
Elnaz Afsharipour and husband were approved for visas in 2016 but denied travel to the U.S. on Saturday 
By Jillian Taylor, Aidan Geary, CBC News 
Posted: Jan 28, 2017 9:41 PM CT 
Last Updated: Jan 29, 2017 9:06 AM CT 
Elnaz Afsharipour and Ramin Soltanzadeh were denied entry to the U.S. Saturday morning because they are Iranian citizens. (Jillian Taylor/ CBC)    
Related Stories 
Judge temporarily halts deportations of visa holders under Trump's travel ban
'Closing the door': Trump bars all Syrian refugees from entering the U.S.
Passengers, students, Oscar nominees among those left in limbo by Trump travel ban  
Syrians in Turkey call Trump's expected plan to ban refugees dangerous, stupid
Canadian dual citizens can travel freely to the U.S. despite Trump travel ban   
'Muscling in reforms': How executive actions help U.S. presidents push through their agendas
A husband and wife studying at the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg are coming to terms with new restrictions after they say they were turned away from a flight to California on Saturday because of a new executive order from U.S. President Donald Trump. 
Trump's sweeping executive order bars all Syrian refugees 
Elnaz Afsharipour and her husband are from Iran and have lived in Winnipeg for four years on student visas. The couple was headed to an academic conference in San Francisco. 
But when they arrived at the airport at 4 a.m. Saturday, less than 24 hours after Trump signed the order, they were unable to check in. After an hour-long wait, they were told it was because they are Iranian. 
Students, Oscar nominees among those left in limbo  
Judge blocks Trump government from deporting visa-holders  
Trump's order imposes a 90-day ban on entry to the United States for citizens from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen — all predominantly Muslim countries. The order, which the L.A. Times has posted in full on its site , also halts the processing of all Syrian refugees for the next 120 days. 
'I was shocked' 
Prior to their conversation with officials at the airport, the couple said they knew about the ban, but said they didn't think it would affect them — they had spoken to a professor on Friday about it. 
Ramin Soltanzadeh and his wife are from Iran and have been in Winnipeg for four years on a student visa. (Jillian Taylor/CBC) 
Afsharipour said she broke into tears at the airport. 
"I really got upset at that time," she said. 
"Last week, or during this week, we have been hearing a lot of news about these kind of rules. He's signing something new, he's preparing a draft. But I couldn't — you know, maybe I was not reading the detail of the news, or I maybe couldn't believe." 
Executive orders: What they are and how Trump is using them 
Afsharipour said the Air Canada representatives who spoke with them at the airport were friendly, but unable to help. 
"At first, yes, I was shocked. But when it's like — the time was going and I was feeling that we were missing the flight, and they can't do nothing." 
Visas from 2016 
Afsharipour said she and her husband had been planning the trip since spring 2016. She is completing her PhD at the U of M and was to present a research paper on photonics at the conference, which she says is one of the field's largest. 
Syrians call Trump's expected plan to ban refugees dangerous 
She said she'd been working on the paper for months and had to ask a professor to do her presentation for her. She was supposed to present it herself on Monday and says without the presentation, the paper can't be published. 
The couple applied for visas for the trip in October 2016 and were approved in November, Afsharipour said. In order to get the visas, they had to fly to Montreal for an interview. 
They spent $400 Cdn on their U.S. visas, and had to fly to Montreal for an in-person interview for the application process. All told, Afsharipour's husband, Ramin Soltanzadeh, estimates they spent about $5,000 on arrangements for the trip. 
Canadians dual citizens affected by Trump travel ban 
Air Canada released a statement on Saturday alerting travellers of its policy following the ban. According to the statement, any customers who hold passports from the seven countries named in the order who purchased a ticket before Jan. 29 can change their plans free of charge to travel to a different location or at a later date. 
Customers can also request a refund or credit towards future travel, the statement reads. 
U.S. about-face on dual citizenship 
Despite U.S. State Department statements earlier on Saturday that Canadians with dual citizenship with the seven countries in the order would be refused entry, U.S. National Security advisor Michael Flynn said Canadian passport-holders would not be affected by the ban, even if they are dual citizens. 
"We have been assured that Canadian citizens travelling on Canadian passport will be dealt with in the usual process," the PMO told CBC News after it says Flynn's Canadian counterpart sought clarification from the U.S. 
Following the ban, politicians throughout the country spoke out on the issue, including Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. 
To those fleeing persecution, terror &amp; war, Canadians will welcome you, regardless of your faith. Diversity is our strength #WelcomeToCanada — 
@JustinTrudeau 
Winnipeg Mayor Brian Bowman wasn't available for comment on Saturday, but he addressed the ban in a tweet. 
Manitoba is the home of hope and open to all. We will welcome any and all newcomers whatever the circumstances. #mbpoli #WelcometoCanada — 
@Brian_Pallister 
A city spokesman confirmed the tweet was referring to the order. 
On Sunday, Manitoba Premier Brian Pallister tweeted that the province will "welcome any and all newcomers whatever the circumstances." 
Refugees = humans. Winnipeg will continue to provide sanctuary to those seeking refuge from conflict around the world. 🇨🇦 #RefugeesWelcome — 
@Mayor_Bowman 
Avoid U.S. travel from now on 
Following the ban, Afsharipour and Soltanzadeh said they wouldn't go back to the U.S. on principle, even if the ban was lifted. 
"This is the fact, actually, that we have to accept right now," Afsharipour said. 
"And, yeah, maybe the next time I would, even if I have the option, I would select the European conferences or the conferences inside the Canada." 
With files from CBC's Katie Simpson, Shanifa Nasser and The Associated Press 
Report Typo or Error 
Send Feedback 
Stay Connected with CBC News 
Mobile 
Facebook 
Podcasts 
Twitter 
Alerts 
Newsletter 
Weather 
Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: 
Brochet 
Leaf Rapids 
Lynn Lake 
Pukatawagan 
Thompson 
Friday
A mix of sun and cloud 
4&deg;C 
Saturday
Sunny 
3&deg;C 
Sunday
A mix of sun and cloud 
2&deg;C 
Monday
Periods of rain 
4&deg;C 
Tuesday
A mix of sun and cloud 
-1&deg;C 
More Weather |
Latest Manitoba News Headlines
Heavy police presence, armoured vehicle on Ellice Avenue in Winnipeg 
10 Manitoba lawyers misappropriated nearly $2M but face no criminal charges 
'Enough is enough': Winnipeg Transit operator says more safety training needed 
video 
'We hoped he could be helped': Shamattawa chief says community reached out to suspect in bus driver's killing 
Salvation Army centre offers 30 beds for refugee claimants coming to Manitoba 
video 
Must Watch
CBC INVESTIGATES: How lawyers misappropriate millions 
1:17
More than 200 Canadian lawyers who were disciplined by their law societies between 2010 and 2015 misappropriated about $160 million of their clients' funds, a CBC News investigation has found. 
What is Winnipeg Transit's safety protocol for dealing with potentially dangerous riders? 
2:00
CBC's Jillian Taylor looks at Winnipeg Transit's protocol for dealing with potentially violent passengers, in light of the fatal stabbing of a bus driver this week. 
Top News Headlines
'Kill her and be done with it': MP behind anti-Islamophobia motion reads out hate mail 
video 
In D.C., a 'Day Without Immigrants' is a day without sandwiches, child care and fitness classes 
read 
comments 
video 
'Like a fine-tuned machine': Trump rejects reports his administration is in chaos 
video 
Cheaper cars, more cheese: What CETA means for the Canadian consumer 
Trump's battle with U.S. intelligence community could slow the flow of key security info to Canada 
video 
Most Viewed
Bus driver dies after stabbing at University of Manitoba 
Man charged with murder in attack on Winnipeg Transit driver 
Popular dim sum spot closed after mouse infestation 
Newcomer centre has no more room for border-crossing refugees 
'Get out, run, run': Gun scare chases crowd from Winnipeg hockey arena 
​RCMP issue Canada-wide warrant for mother of missing Manitoba toddler 
CBC reporter finds Somali asylum seeker who says he walked 21 hours into Manitoba 
Winnipeg man arrested, charged for 3-hour, 7-victim string of assaults 
Bus drivers fear for safety after deadly Winnipeg Transit attack 
Special Coverage
In depth 
CBC Manitoba ITeam investigates 
CBC dig deeper on the stories of the day 
CBC Investigates 
Former Winnipeg CAO got $200K 'secret commission' for helping contractor, RCMP alleged 
Mounties say Caspian Construction owner paid Phil Sheegl, who shared it with ex-Winnipeg mayor Sam Katz 
CBC Investigates 
Arson call leads police to stumble upon charred construction documents in Caspian warehouse 
RCMP seizes boxes of construction invoices related to Canada Post plant already under investigation 
CBC Investigates 
Donald Trump Jr. TV show profiled Winnipeg businessman charged with tax evasion 
Trump Organization says Trump Jr. had no knowledge of Jeff Dyck’s background 
Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map  Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters &amp; Alerts  Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse &amp; Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities  CBC  Radio-Canada  &copy;2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca