Purdue announces Painter, Smotherman agree to part ways                 /">   SUBSCRIBE NOW to get home delivery     News   Sports   Life   Money   Tech   Travel   Opinion    Weather    Icon  Humidity  Precip.  Winds  Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip " value="" /> Cancel Set Close settings Full Forecast  Crosswords  Washington   Video  Stocks  Apps  Best-Selling Books  Classifieds  College  Corrections  Interactives  Newsletters  Photo Galleries  Scores  Newsstand  Podcasts  Investigations  Policing the USA   Moonlighting    More  News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost    Search   Firefly  Hi  Already a subscriber? Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAY Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings. My Account  Log Out       Get the news Log In or Subscribe to skip  Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google Sign in FAQ        Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about  Facebook Email Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest  Purdue announces Painter, Smotherman agree to part ways Purdue coach Matt Painter says he and forward Basil Smotherman have come to a mutual agreement to part ways    Post to Facebook    Purdue announces Painter, Smotherman agree to part ways &#13;&#13;Purdue coach Matt Painter says he and forward Basil Smotherman have come to a mutual agreement to part ways &#13;&#13;Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kIArlQ 
{#
#}
Cancel Send  Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address.  Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.    Join the Nation&#39;s Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs       Purdue announces Painter, Smotherman agree to part ways  
AP
4:52 p.m. ET Jan. 29, 2017
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE  WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. (AP) — Purdue coach Matt Painter says he and forward Basil Smotherman have come to a mutual agreement to part ways. In making the announcement Sunday morning, Painter issued a statement saying Smotherman failed to meet the normal expectations for players in the program and that the two sides decided it would be best if Smotherman was no longer on the Boilermakers' roster. It's unclear what the redshirt junior may do next. Smotherman appeared in 18 games this season and averaged 3.9 points, 1.7 rebounds, 0.8 assists and 12.1 minutes. Purdue (17-4, 6-2 Big Ten) was visiting Nebraska (9-11, 3-5) on Sunday afternoon. ___ More AP college basketball: www.collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.   NEVER MISS OUT  Sports Stay in the know and in the zone, 7 days a week, with scores, analysis, and in-depth features and commentary.   Privacy Notice  THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Sports NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001 Sign up
for more Newsletters