Pittsburgh Pirates T-Shirt Adult XL Marte Pierogies Lot 7 SGA 2016 | eBay     		 
Skip to main content  eBay  Shop by category  Shop by category    Enter your search keyword   All Categories   Advanced    Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy)  Daily Deals  Gift Cards  Help & Contact   Sell  My eBay Expand My eBay  Summary  Bids/Offers  Watch list  Wish list  All lists  Purchase history  Selling  My Collections  Followed searches  Messages   Notification      
Go to home page 
| Listed in category: 
Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop 
&gt; 
Fan Apparel & Souvenirs 
&gt; 
Baseball-MLB 
The original item is no longer available. We have selected another similar item below. Original item: Pittsburgh Pirates T-Shirt Adult XL Marte Pierogies Lot 7 SGA 2016 
Picture Information 
FREE SHIPPING 
Image not available 
Photos not available for this variation 
Have one to sell? 
Sell it yourself 
View full description 
Details about Pittsburgh Pirates T-Shirt Adult Small Marte Pierogies Lot 7 SGA 2016 
Pittsburgh Pirates T-Shirt Adult Small Marte Pierogies Lot 7 SGA 2016 
| 
Add to watch list 
Seller information 
stombaugh012 
( 4005 
) 
100% Positive feedback 
Save this seller 
See other items 
More... 
See all 
stombaugh012 has no other items for sale. 
Item Information 
Item condition: 
New 
Price: 
US $32.99 
Add to watch list 
Start of add to list layer 
Add to watch list 
End of add to list layer 
Shipping: 
$9.00 
Standard Shipping						 
Import charges: 
(amount confirmed at checkout) 					
To be provided at checkout 
help icon for Shipping - opens a layer 
This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab 
This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab 
No additional import charges on delivery 
Delivery: 
Estimated between Wed. Feb. 22 and Wed. Mar. 1 
help icon for Estimated delivery date - opens a layer 
Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab . Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods. 
Returns: 
Seller does not offer returns. You are covered by the eBay Money Back Guarantee - opens in a new window or tab if you received an item that is not as described in the listing. 
Guarantee: 
Money Back Guarantee 
Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee 
| See details - opens in a new window or tab 
Get the item you ordered or get your money back. 
Covers your purchase price and original shipping. 
12 items similar to Pittsburgh Pirates T-Shirt Adult XL Marte Pierogies Lot 7 SGA 2016 
Pittsburgh Pirates T-Shirt Adult XL Marte Pierogies Lot 7 SGA 2016 
$49.99 
Buy It Now 
Pittsburgh Pirates T-Shirt Adult Small Marte Pierogies Lot 7 SGA 2016 
$32.99 
Buy It Now 
Pittsburgh Pirates T-Shirt Adult XL Lot SGA 2016 Kang Cervelli Lot 6 
$49.99 
Buy It Now 
Pittsburgh Pirates Pierogy Mascot Adult Small & Adult XL T Shirt SGA Lot 2 
$24.99 
Buy It Now 
Pittsburgh Pirates T-Shirt Adult XL Lot 5 SGA McCutchen Baseball 1887 
$30.00 
Buy It Now 
Pittsburgh Pirates Gerrit Cole Bobblehead Jung-Ho Kang Adult XL T Shirt SGA Lot 
$24.99 
Buy It Now 
Pittsburgh Pirates Starling Marte SGA New T - Shirt Size Adult XL 
$13.50 
Buy It Now 
Pittsburgh Pirates Andrew McCutchen T-Shirt Adult XL SGA 8-7-15 FREE SHIPPING 
$20.00 
Buy It Now 
Starling Marte- Adult Extra Large (XL) T-Shirt- SGA- Pittsburgh Pirates 
$5.00 
Buy It Now 
Pittsburgh Pirates Pierogy Mascot Adult XL T Shirt SGA 7-22-16 
$16.99 
Buy It Now 
Starling Marte "Raise It" T-Shirt- Adult Extra Large XL- SGA- Pittsburgh Pirates 
$6.00 
Buy It Now 
Pittsburgh Pirates Starling Marte RAISE IT Yellow T Shirt PNC Park SGA 7/10/15 
$9.00 
Buy It Now 
Where results contain multi-variation listings, the item counts on the page are inclusive of all matching variations that are available. 
Enter your search keyword 
Advanced 
Place bid 
Time left: 
Current bid: 
(Approximately ##1##) 
Shipping: 
Import charges: 
(estimated and based on max bid) 
To be provided at checkout 
Your max bid: 
Your max bid: 
By clicking Confirm bid , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder. 
By clicking Confirm bid , you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab . Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount. 
Cancel 
Loading... 
Resume bidding , if the page does not update immediately. 
Place bid 
Review and confirm your bid 
Bid confirmation 
d 
h 
m 
s 
day 
hour 
hours 
FREE shipping 
See item description 
Calculate 
(Approximately ##1##) 
(Enter ##1## or more) 
(Enter more than ##1##) 
Your max bid: 
Increase max bid 
Place bid 
Confirm bid 
Increase max bid 
Cancel 
Change bid 
Close 
, you've been outbid. Don't let it get away - bid again! 
, you're the highest bidder on this item. Hope you win it! 
, you're the first bidder. Hope you win! 
, you're currently the high bidder, but you're close to getting outbid. 
, this auction is almost over and you're currently the high bidder. 
, you're the high bidder, but the reserve price hasn't been met. 
Please enter your bid again. 
Please enter a valid number as the bid price. 
Enter an amount that is equal or greater than the minimum bid required. This can be found under the bid entry box. 
Maximum bids can't be lowered once they're submitted. 
This seller requires the buyer to have a PayPal account to purchase this item. Get a PayPal account here . 
Your bid is greater than or equal to the Buy It Now price. We recommend you purchase this item via Buy It Now. If you still wish to bid, you may do so below. 
Time left: 
Current bid: 
(approximately ##1##) 
Your maximum bid: 
(approximately ##1##) 
Increase your maximum bid: 
By clicking 1 Click Bid , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder. Learn more about 1-click bid - opens in a new window or tab 
day 
hour 
min 
sec 
days 
hours 
mins 
secs 
(approximately ##1##) 
Winning bid: 
Starting bid: 
Close 
Congrats! The auction has ended and you're the winner. 
The auction has ended, but the reserve price was not met. 
Sorry, the auction has ended and you were outbid. 
Good news, you're the high bidder. 
Sorry, you've been outbid. 
You're the high bidder, but the reserve price is not met. 
Please enter a higher amount than the current bid. 
Maximum bids cannot be lowered once submitted. 
Please enter a valid number. 
Back to home page 
Return to top 
Additional site navigation  
About eBay 
Announcements 
Community 
Security Center 
Resolution Center 
Seller Information Center 
Policies 
Affiliates 
Help & Contact 
Site Map  Copyright © 1995-2017 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice