What kind of team can we expect from the first year of White Sox rebuild? - Chicago Tribune 
RedEye Your weekend plans. Delivered.  
Sports 
Sports Columnists 
What kind of team can we expect from the first year of White Sox rebuild? 
Photos of White Sox top infield prospect Yoan Moncada. 
Paul Sullivan  Contact Reporter Chicago Tribune  
With escalators inoperative after the opening ceremony of SoxFest on Friday, security ushered fans to a nearby stairwell and had them exit in groups of about 30, leading to gridlock and grumbling in the hallway. It was a fitting image for a franchise that has been stuck in neutral for years, promising a contender every offseason only to play out the string by September. 
This year promises to be different as the Sox have pushed their rebuild while offering a realistic outlook on the season ahead. Contending while rebuilding isn't doable. &quot;It's tough to serve two masters,&quot; general manager Rick Hahn said. &quot;The focus of our scouting department, of our player development people, of the major-league staff is on building something that's sustainable. In the short term we might have to pay some price at the big-league level. 
&quot;Obviously we had a team that finished under .500 and we remove Chris Sale and Adam Eaton, among others probably, so it's tough to stand up here with a straight face and say to you, 'This team's ready to contend.'&quot; Hahn added that &quot;stranger things have happened&quot; with rebuilding teams becoming surprise contenders but admitted the rebuild would take some time. So Sox fans know going in that this is basically a throwaway season, and Hahn said most have told him they understand &quot;there's going to be hardship in the short term.&quot; 
Todd Frazier on being a leader for a rebuilding White Sox team   Todd Frazier discusses being a leader on a rebuilding White Sox team at SoxFest on Friday, Jan. 27, 2017. (Colleen Kane/Chicago Tribune)   Todd Frazier discusses being a leader on a rebuilding White Sox team at SoxFest on Friday, Jan. 27, 2017. (Colleen Kane/Chicago Tribune)    See more videos       The short-term focus will be on the progress of Yoan Moncada, Lucas Giolito and Michael Kopech in the minors, and the long-term goal will be to contend again in a few years. 
Marketing the 2017 Sox won't be easy, no matter how many Hawk Harrelson alarm clock giveaways are on tap. Some fans will sit out the first part of the rebuild and wait for the good stuff, just as many did on the North Side. The Cubs were willing to suffer through an attendance drop when they announced their rebuilding plan after 2011. They fell from 3 million fans to 2.88 million in '12, then to 2.64 million in '13, increased slightly to 2.65 million in '14, when Rick Renteria was manager, and were back to normal at 2.96 million in '15, when they made the playoffs as a wild-card team. Last year they ranked fifth in baseball at 3.23 million, and figure to sell out most games this year after winning the World Series. The Sox, meanwhile, have dropped off without a rebuild to blame it on. Since their last playoff season in 2008, attendance decreased from 2.5 million to around 1.75 million in '16, despite an effort to put together a contender each offseason. They finished 26th in attendance last year, and have been among the bottom five since 2014. The bottom line is they have nothing to lose with a rebuild, since it couldn't get much worse. So what can we expect from the Sox in 2017? &quot;Great effort,&quot; Renteria told fans on Friday at SoxFest, adding: &quot;We're gonna hustle.&quot; 
Photos from SoxFest at the Hilton Chicago from Jan. 27-29, 2017. 
Thanks, Ricky, but that should be the default expectation of every team. One goal should be to avoid the silly controversies that dominated the '16 season, from the Adam LaRoche saga to Chris Sale's uniform-slicing debacle. Todd Frazier, who remains with the White Sox until further notice, predicted they'll be controversy-free in '17. &quot;I think that's all done,&quot; he said. Asked if he'd gone through something like that before, Frazier replied: &quot;Never, I'll be honest with you. It's in the past.&quot; Sox fans no longer have Robin Ventura to kick around, and Renteria comes in with a fresh slate. The players seemed excited to play for Renteria, who earned his reputation as &quot;Ricky Sunshine&quot; in his one season with the Cubs. He is as optimistic as they come, and, like Ventura, isn't going to throw any of his players under the bus no matter how much they embarrass themselves or the team. The real dynamic to watch is how Renteria meshes with pitching coach-for-life Don Cooper , who has outlasted Jerry Manuel, Ozzie Guillen and Ventura despite the Sox making only two postseason appearances in his 15 seasons on the job. It's his staff to rule, and always has been. How much will Renteria rely on Cooper when making pitching decisions? &quot;Ultimately I think you have to have a conversation with your pitching coach,&quot; he said. &quot;I have to also trust my own eyes. The (pitching) changes ultimately come from the decisions I have to make at the end of the day. &quot;It doesn't mean I don't collaborate and listen, but sometimes I may make a decision that goes contrary to what 'Coop' and I might be talking about at the moment. That's going to happen. That's normal. But I've got to put the team first … and hopefully trust my gut and whatever numbers we might have to make that decision a little easier.&quot; &quot;Trust&quot; is the operative word this season. If you trust the people making the decisions, you'll believe in the future. Now it's up to those decision-makers, Hahn, Renteria and Cooper, to make it work. psullivan@chicagotribune.com  Twitter @PWSullivan 
Privacy Policy 
Copyright
&copy; 2017, Chicago Tribune 
Chicago White Sox  Rick Renteria  Robin Ventura  Chris Sale  Chicago Cubs  Don Cooper  Ozzie Guillen 
New-look White Sox system lands six prospects in MLB.com's top 100 
Rick Renteria competes in ceviche cook-off with Chicago chef Carlos Gaytan 
Top prospect Yoan Moncada just about set to take the wheel for White Sox 
Rick Renteria on managing expectations of White Sox's top prospects 
Time for White Sox veteran James Shields to start living up to his billing 
Michael Kopech tries to pace himself during 1st White Sox spring training 
Sports Breaking Trending RedEye Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising   
34&deg;