Military: First-known combat death since Trump in office | CP24.com 
Skip to Main Content 
-6 &#176;C
Live Now:
Hot Property 
Search 
Search CP24 
X 
NEWS
WEATHER
TRAFFIC
VIDEO
CP24 BREAKFAST
Lifestyle
Lotto
MORE
Home 
Local 
World 
Entertainment 
Sports 
The Mayor 
The Chief 
Photo Galleries 
Toronto 
Southern Ontario 
Canada 
Commuter Centre 
Traffic 
Transit 
Air Travel 
Border Crossings 
CP24 Traffic Alert App 
CP24 LIVE 
All Video 
The Mayor 
The Chief 
Live at Noon 
Hot Property 
Autoshop 
Know Your Rights 
All Videos 
Milestones 
Wake Up Call 
Home 
Human Interest 
Health 
Technology 
Travel 
Top Social Stories 
Lotto Numbers 
CP24 GO 
Video Help 
Contact Us 
CP24 Supports 
Lotto Numbers 
Breaking News Email 
Talk Shows 
Military: First-known combat death since Trump in office 
In this Oct. 6, 2016 file photo, a man stands near Abs hospital that was damaged by a Saudi-led airstrike, in the northern town of Abs, Yemen. (AP Photo/Hani Mohammed) 
Jill Colvin And Ahmed Al-Haj, The Associated Press 
Published Sunday, January 29, 2017 7:02AM EST
Last Updated Sunday, January 29, 2017 7:01PM EST
WASHINGTON -- It's been described as the greatest burden any commander in chief must bear. 
Just days into his young presidency, a U.S. service member has died in military action authorized by Donald Trump. It's the first known combat death of a member of the U.S. military since Trump took the oath of office on Jan. 20 and underscores the gravity of the decisions he now makes. 
Three service members were also wounded Sunday during the firefight with militants from al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula's branch in Yemen. The raid left nearly 30 others dead, including an estimated 14 militants. A fourth U.S. service member was injured when a military aircraft assisting in the mission had a &quot;hard landing&quot; nearby, according to U.S. Central Command. 
&quot;Americans are saddened this morning with news that a life of a heroic service member has been taken in our fight against the evil of radical Islamic terrorism,&quot; Trump said in a statement. 
&quot;My deepest thoughts and humblest prayers are with the family of this fallen service member,&quot; he said. 
The names of the casualties were not released. 
Planning for the clandestine counterterrorism raid begun before President Barack Obama left office on Jan. 20, but Trump authorized the raid, according to a U.S. defence official, who was not authorized to discuss details beyond those announced by the Pentagon and so spoke on condition of anonymity. 
The U.S. has been striking al-Qaida in Yemen from the air for more than 15 years, mostly using drones. Sunday's surprise pre-dawn raid could signal a new escalation against extremist groups in the Arab world's poorest but strategically located country. 
The action provides an early window into how the new president will put his campaign rhetoric into action when it comes to foreign intervention. 
Trump had promised an &quot;America first&quot; approach and an end to the &quot;era of nation building&quot; if he won the White House. Many interpreted his language as isolationist and expected Trump to be more cautious about where the U.S. intervened. 
At the same time, Trump had broadcast a stronger posture on the world stage. He pledged to beef up the military and said he aimed to achieve &quot;peace through strength.&quot; 
Sunday's raid was not the first time that the United States had conducted a counterterrorism raid on the ground in Yemen, but it was not the usual approach of striking from the air, the defence official said. 
The raid was planned as a clandestine operation and not intended to be made public, but the loss of a service member changed that, the official said, adding that no detainees were taken in the operation. 
An al-Qaida official and an online news service linked to the terror group said the raid left about 30 people dead, including women and children. Among the children killed was Anwaar, the 8-year-old daughter of Anwar al-Awlaki, a radical Yemeni-American cleric killed in a U.S. airstrike in Yemen in 2011, according to the girl's grandfather. 
Nasser al-Awlaki told The Associated Press that Anwaar was visiting her mother when the raid took place. She was shot in the neck and bled for two hours before she died, he said. 
In addition to killing the militants, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said U.S. forces &quot;captured a whole host of information about future plots that's going to benefit this country and keep us safe.&quot; 
The president &quot;extends his condolences,&quot; he said on ABC's &quot;'This Week.&quot; &quot;But more importantly, he understands the fight that our servicemen and women conduct on a daily basis to keep this country safe.&quot; 
Just over a week ago, suspected U.S. drone strikes killed three other alleged al-Qaida operatives in Bayda in what was the first-such killings reported in the country since Trump assumed the U.S. presidency. 
Al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula, long seen by Washington as among the most dangerous branches of the global terror network, has exploited the chaos of Yemen's civil war, seizing territory in the south and east. 
The war began in 2014, when Shiite Houthi rebels and their allies swept down from the north and captured the capital, Sanaa. A Saudi-led military coalition has been helping government forces battle the rebels for nearly two years. 
News Tips 
Report Errors 
Tweets by @CP24 
CP24 Toronto&#039;s Breaking News 
Advertisement 
Local Flyers 
Latest News Videos 
false 
WATCH: Fentanyl may have been involved in deadly overdose 
Air Date: February 16, 2017 
false 
WATCH: Neighbours say victim was confrontational 
Air Date: February 16, 2017 
false 
WATCH: Guilty verdict in murder of couple, young grandson 
Air Date: February 16, 2017 
false 
WATCH: Parents protest Maple school's potential closure 
Air Date: February 16, 2017 
false 
WATCH: More flames spotted in days old St. Clair fire 
Air Date: February 16, 2017 
false 
WATCH: Trump lashes out at press in wide-ranging Q and A 
Air Date: February 16, 2017 
false 
WATCH: Neighbours remember woman killed in assault 
Air Date: February 16, 2017 
Watch news udpates and more videos... 
Top Stories 
Most Popular 
Top Stories 
Victim killed in East York assault identified as 36-year-old woman 
Artwork, financial records, computers salvaged in devastating racquet club fire 
Deadly overdose on Queen West may have involved fentanyl 
'They're numb:' Guilty verdict for killing Calgary couple and young grandson 
Former Liberal minister urges government to drop 'Islamophobia' from motion 
Negotiations between Ontario and its doctors set to resume 
Victim killed in East York assault identified as 36-year-old woman 
Man accused of murdering physician wife makes court appearance 
Girl whose family was killed in Brampton fire suffered severe burns 
'They're numb:' Guilty verdict for killing Calgary couple and young grandson 
Wynne won't demand resignation from trustee who called parent racial slur 
Home 
Careers 
Privacy Policy 
Terms and Conditions 
Contact Us 
About Us 
Advertise on CP24 
Toronto News 
World News 
Weather 
Sports News 
Entertainment News 
Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms &amp; Conditions and Privacy Policy &#169; 2017  All rights reserved. Bell Media Television 
Back to top