&#8216;Columbus&#8217; Film Review: John Cho&#8217;s Indie Romance | Variety 
Variety 
Editions:
U.S 
Latino 
Global 
Asia 
Subscribe Today! 
Navigation Menu 
Film
TV
Digital
Contenders
Video
Dirt
Scene
More										 
Biz
Music
Legit
Jobs
Conferences
Insight
Archives
Directory
Choose Edition: 
U.S 
Latino 
Global 
Asia 
Russia 
| 
My Account 
Sign In 
Subscribe 
Home Film Reviews 							 
Sundance Film Review: &#8216;Columbus&#8217; 
Geoff Berkshire 
Associate Editor, Features 
@geoffberkshire 	 
0							 
Share This Article
Email						 
LinkedIn						 
Pin It						 
Tumblr						 
Print						 
Sundance Film Festival 
January 29, 2017 | 04:33PM PT 
An assured and hypnotic debut from tyro writer/director Kogonada with a terrific cast. 
There’s an old saying, often attributed to Martin Mull, “Writing about music is like dancing about architecture.” In many ways first-time writer/director Kogonada ’s “ Columbus ” treats architecture like music, as its protagonists write, talk, bicker, and dance about an extraordinary collection of modernist structures in the unassuming Midwest town of Columbus, Ind. The hypnotically paced drama carried by the serendipitous odd-couple pairing of John Cho and Haley Lu Richardson is lovely and tender, marking Kogonada as an auteur to watch. 
A film critic and video essayist with evident affection for the work of Asian masters ranging from Yasujirō Ozu to Hirokazu Koreeda, the mono-monikered director examines the relationships between his characters and their environment with an architect’s attention to detail. That he also trains his lens on a place and people rarely explored on film, and provides a quintet of terrific performers with the opportunity to stretch and showcase their skills, only adds to his debut’s unique appeal. 
Casey (Richardson) has lived in Columbus her entire life. Fast approaching her 20s (or possibly just starting them, it’s not clear), she&#8217;s beginning to think about next steps. But a deep connection to her hometown and a strong bond with her working-class mother (Michelle Forbes, moving and lived-in), a recovering addict now in a stable place, makes Casey apprehensive about leaving to pursue her interest in architecture. 
Jin (Cho) left his family behind years ago, but returns to the U.S. from his new life in Korea, where he translates literature, when his architecture professor father collapses on a visit to Columbus and is hospitalized in a coma. Although his passions led elsewhere, Jin retains a lingering guilt, and defensiveness, over his lack of family commitment. 
Casey and Jin inevitably cross paths, and their casual conversations blossom into a genuine friendship, and possible a courtship. Nothing is quite so simple in “Columbus,” and Kogonada is more interested in the characters’ overlapping and divergent worldviews and dreams, based on culture, environment, and upbringing. 
The pair each have a secondary confidante/love interest. Jin with his father’s colleague (Parker Posey, vibrant), on whom he nursed a crush in his youth, and Casey with hyperarticulate Doctoral student Gabriel (Rory Culkin, charming). At one point Gabriel delivers a spellbinding dissection of the modern attention span, suggesting Kogonada is aware of the material’s ponderous nature and specialized audience appeal. 
But those who appreciate “Columbus” will likely take it to heart. The relationships between each of the characters are imbued with warmth and humanity, and the filmmaking &#8212; like the city’s structures designed by the likes of Eero Saarinen and I.M. Pei &#8212; is simply gorgeous. 
The modernist landmarks in Columbus (incidentally the hometown of Vice President Mike Pence) are true co-stars here. Casey’s appreciation of the “healing power” of buildings stirs something in Jin that never quite connected when he was with his father (although it’s surely no coincidence their bond coincides with his father’s coma), and the film’s gentle explorations of class divides &#8212; we’re constantly reminded of the people trying to make a living inside of these works of art &#8212; qualify as a timely addition to the current national dialog. 
But Kogonada, who also serves as the editor, has also made a film that feels timeless. From Elisha Christian’s rigorously composed cinematography to Hammock’s sparingly but very effectively used ambient electro score (the film gets just as much emotion out of stretches of silence and layered sound design). 
At the center of it all, amid the buildings, are Cho and Richardson. One veteran demonstrating his untapped ability as a captivatingly sincere leading man, and one relative newcomer proving her ability of holding the screen with maximum soulfulness in a minimalist drama. Together they form an unexpected, but perfectly constructed, pair. 
Sundance Film Review: &#039;Columbus&#039; Reviewed at Sundance Film Festival (Next), Jan. 24, 2017. Running time: 104 MIN . 
Production A Superlative Films and Depth of Field presentation in association with Nonetheless Productions. Producers: Andrew Miano, Aaron Boyd , Danielle Renfrew Behrens, Chris Weitz, Giulia Caruso, Ki Jin Kim. Executive producers: Bill Harnisch, Ruth Ann Harnisch, Max A. Butler, Mattia Bogianchino, Beatrice Camerana. 
Crew Director/writer/editor: Kogonada. Camera (color, HD): Elisha Christian. Music: Hammock. 
With 
John Cho, Haley Lu Richardson, Rory Culkin, Michelle Forbes, Parker Posey. (English, Korean dialogue.) 
Filed Under: 
Columbus John Cho Kogonada Sundance Film Festival 									 
Want to read more articles like this one?
SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY .
Post A Comment 
0		 
2016-2017 Oscar Predictions 
Playback: Kenneth Lonergan on &#8216;Manchester by the Sea&#8217; and Writing Himself Into Corners					 
Oscars: With 38 Combined Noms, Former Partners Square Off for the First Time					 
&#8216;Zootopia&#8217; Helmers Byron Howard, Rich Moore on Their Timely, Subversive Toon					 
14-Time Oscar Nominee Thomas Newman on Scoring Space Drama &#8216;Passengers&#8217;					 
Variety Jobs 
Creative Development Coordinator 
Triptyk Studios, New York, New York 
Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) 
Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California 
Media Specialist 
Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut 
Executive Director, Aspen Film 
Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado 
Associate Director, YouTuber &amp; Gamer Partnerships 
Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut 
See More Jobs 
Marketplace 
Leave a Reply No Comments 				 
Cancel reply 				 
Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. 
Enter your comment here... 
Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
Email (required) (Address never made public) 
Name (required) 
Website 
You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) 
You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) 
You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) 
You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) 
Cancel 
Connecting to %s 
Notify me of new comments via email.  Notify me of new posts via email. 
More Film News from Variety 
The Power of Content 
How To Store Your Gift Wrap Now That Holiday Season Is Over 
Donald Trump Newser Makes For Strange Bedfellows As FNC's Shep&hellip; 
Celebs Front Row at NYFW: Tiffany Trump Shunned, Kylie Jenner&hellip; 
How to Get Away With Murder Recap: Hotline Bling &mdash; Plus: Charlie&hellip; 
Broad Green Pictures Is Missing Release Dates and Angering&hellip; 
Subscribe to Variety Today!  
All The Ways to Get Variety 
Online Subscription 
Print Subscription 
Mobile Apps 
Newsletters 
News Alerts 
Archives 
Slanguage Dictionary 
Help 
Other Variety Products 
Media: Variety 411 
Research & Data: Variety Insight 
Archives 
Premium Email Alerts 
Real Estate 
Jobs 
Access the best entertainment industry data available 
View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 
Get News Delivered To Your Inbox		 
Privacy Policy 
Your Privacy Rights 
Terms of Use 
About Us 
Advertise 
Contact Us 
Google+ 
The Power of Content 
Deadline 
india.com 
Hollywoodlife 
@hollywood 
TV Line 
BGR 
WWD 
Footwearnews 
&copy; Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. 
Powered by WordPress.com VIP 
Variety411: Your production services resource 
ad