Tillman's widow disappointed in Trump's immigration ban                  /">   SUBSCRIBE NOW to get home delivery     News   Sports   Life   Money   Tech   Travel   Opinion    Weather    Icon  Humidity  Precip.  Winds  Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip " value="" /> Cancel Set Close settings Full Forecast  Crosswords  Washington   Video  Stocks  Apps  Best-Selling Books  Classifieds  College  Corrections  Interactives  Newsletters  Photo Galleries  Scores  Newsstand  Podcasts  Investigations  Policing the USA   Moonlighting    More  News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost    Search   Firefly  Hi  Already a subscriber? Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAY Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings. My Account  Log Out       Get the news Log In or Subscribe to skip  Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google Sign in FAQ      
3
Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about  Facebook Email Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest  Tillman's widow disappointed in Trump's immigration ban The widow of Pat Tillman has expressed disappointment over President Donald Trump after the administration imposed a temporary ban on travel to the United States from seven majority Muslim countries    Post to Facebook    Tillman's widow disappointed in Trump's immigration ban &#13;&#13;The widow of Pat Tillman has expressed disappointment over President Donald Trump after the administration imposed a temporary ban on travel to the United States from seven majority Muslim countries &#13;&#13;Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jLQjnG 
{#
#}
Cancel Send  Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address.  Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.    Join the Nation&#39;s Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs       Tillman&#39;s widow disappointed in Trump&#39;s immigration ban  
AP
7:58 p.m. ET Jan. 29, 2017
3
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE  The widow of Pat Tillman has expressed disappointment over President Donald Trump after the administration imposed a temporary ban on travel to the United States from seven majority Muslim countries. Marie Tillman posted a message on Facebook saying she was saddened by the executive order, adding that this was "not the country he dreamed of, not what he served for and not what he died for." Tillman left a multimillion NFL contract with the Arizona Cardinals at 25 to join the Army, eight months after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. He was killed by friendly fire in Afghanistan in 2004. Marie Tillman has carried on his name and spirit through the Pat Tillman Foundation, which provides scholarships to military personnel and their families. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.   NEVER MISS OUT  Sports Stay in the know and in the zone, 7 days a week, with scores, analysis, and in-depth features and commentary.   Privacy Notice  THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Sports NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001 Sign up
for more Newsletters