U.S. judges limit Trump immigration order; some officials ignore rulings
| Reuters 
X 
Edition: 
United States 
Business 
Business Home 
Legal 
Deals 
Aerospace & Defense 
Finance 
Autos 
Reuters Summits 
ADventures 
Data Dive 
Markets 
Markets Home 
U.S. Markets 
European Markets 
Asian Markets 
Global Market Data 
Indices 
Stocks 
Bonds 
Currencies 
Commodities 
Futures 
Funds 
Earnings 
Dividends 
World 
World Home 
U.S. 
Special Reports 
Reuters Investigates 
Euro Zone 
Middle East 
China 
Japan 
Mexico 
Brazil 
Africa 
Russia 
India 
Politics 
Politics Home 
Polling Explorer 
Live: Trump's First 100 Days 
Supreme Court 
Tech 
Technology Home 
Science 
Top 100 Global Innovators 
Media 
Environment 
Innovation 
Commentary 
Commentary Home 
Podcasts 
Breakingviews 
Breakingviews Home 
Breakingviews Video 
Money 
Money Home 
Retirement 
Lipper Awards 
Analyst Research 
Stock Screener 
Fund Screener 
Life 
Health 
Sports 
Arts 
Entertainment 
Oddly Enough 
Pictures 
Pictures Home 
The Wider Image 
Photographers 
Focus 360 
Video 
U.S. judges limit Trump immigration order; some officials ignore rulings 
Africa 
América Latina 
عربي 
Argentina 
Brasil 
Canada 
中国 
Deutschland 
España 
France 
India 
Italia 
日本 
México 
РОССИЯ 
United Kingdom 
United States 
Politics 
| 
Sun Jan 29, 2017 | 8:28pm EST 
U.S. judges limit Trump immigration order; some officials ignore rulings 
left 
right 
Activists gather at the US Capitol to protest President Donald Trump's executive actions on immigration in Washington January 29, 2017. 
REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein 
1/8 
left 
right 
Activists gather outside the Trump International Hotel to protest President Donald Trump's executive actions on immigration in Washington January 29, 2017. 
REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein 
2/8 
left 
right 
Activists march to the US Capitol to protest President Donald Trump's executive actions on immigration in Washington January 29, 2017. 
REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein  TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY 
3/8 
left 
right 
Activists march to the US Capitol to protest President Donald Trump's executive actions on immigration in Washington January 29, 2017. 
REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein 
4/8 
left 
right 
Capitol Hill Police officers look on as activists gather at the US Capitol to protest President Donald Trump's executive actions on immigration in Washington January 29, 2017. 
REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein 
5/8 
left 
right 
Activists gather at the US Capitol to protest President Donald Trump's executive actions on immigration in Washington January 29, 2017. 
REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein 
6/8 
left 
right 
People protest Donald Trump's travel ban from Muslim majority countries at the International terminal at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) in Los Angeles, California, U.S., January 28, 2017. 
REUTERS/Patrick T. Fallon 
7/8 
left 
right 
A woman holds a sign during a protest against the travel ban imposed by U.S. President Donald Trump's executive order, at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport in Dallas, Texas, U.S. January 28, 2017. 
REUTERS/Laura Buckman - RTSXUIM 
8/8 
By Mica Rosenberg and Jonathan Stempel 
n">U.S. judges in at least five states blocked federal authorities from enforcing President Donald Trump's executive order restricting immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries.  However, lawyers representing people covered by the order said some authorities were unwilling on Sunday to follow the judges' rulings. Judges in California, Massachusetts, Virginia and Washington state, each home to international airports, issued their rulings after a similar order was issued on Saturday night by U.S. District Judge Ann Donnelly in New York's Brooklyn borough. Donnelly had ruled in a lawsuit by two men from Iraq being held at John F. Kennedy International Airport. While none of the rulings struck down Friday's executive order by the new Republican president, the growing number of them could complicate the administration's effort to enforce it. The rulings add to questions about the constitutionality of the order, said Andrew Pincus, a Mayer Brown partner representing two Yemeni men who were denied U.S. entry from an overseas flight despite being legal permanent residents. "People have gone through processes to obtain legal permanent resident status, or visas," Pincus said. "There are serious questions about whether those rights, which were created by statute, can be unilaterally taken away without process." Trump's order halted travel by people with passports from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days, and stopped the resettlement of refugees for 120 days. He said these actions were needed "to protect the American people from terrorist attacks by foreign nationals admitted to the United States." The order sparked a global backlash, including from U.S. allies that view the actions as discriminatory and divisive. Attorneys general from California, New York, 13 other states and Washington, D.C., meanwhile, in a statement condemned and pledged to fight what they called Trump's "dangerous" and "unconstitutional" order. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security on Sunday said it "will comply with judicial orders," while enforcing Trump's order in a manner that ensures those entering the United States "do not pose a threat to our country or the American people." 
SAFE, NOT SORRY 
Striking that balance has caused confusion, according to lawyers who worked overnight and on Sunday to help travelers at JFK Airport, Washington Dulles International Airport in northern Virginia, and elsewhere. Immigration lawyer Sharifa Abbasi said some Border Patrol agents at Dulles refused to let lawyers talk with detainees, even after being shown an order from U.S. District Judge Leonie Brinkema requiring such access. Abbasi said the agents instead told the lawyers to call their agency's office, where no one was answering. "There is really no method to this madness," Becca Heller, director of the New York-based International Refugee Assistance Project organization, told reporters on a conference call. 
Supporters of Trump's order said authorities acted properly in swiftly taking steps to enforce it.  "It is better (to) be safe than sorry," said Jessica Vaughan, director of policy studies at the conservative Center for Immigration Studies in Washington. Lawsuits on behalf of more than 100 individual travelers have been filed nationwide, activists and lawyers estimated. Some have come from large corporate firms including Mayer Brown, Kirkland & Ellis, and Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton.   CURBS ON TRUMP'S ORDER 
In Boston, U.S. District Judge Allison Burroughs on Sunday temporarily blocked the removal of two Iranians who have taught at the University of Massachusetts, and had been detained at the city's Logan International Airport. Burroughs' ruling appeared to go further than Donnelly's by barring the detention, as well as the removal, of approved refugees, visa holders and permanent U.S. residents entering from the seven countries. Donnelly's order forbade only removal. Matthew Segal, legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Massachusetts, in a statement called Burroughs' ruling "a huge victory for justice" in the face of what he called Trump's "unconstitutional ban on Muslims." The U.S. Constitution's First Amendment guarantees the free exercise of religion. Trump's order sought to prioritize refugees fleeing religious persecution, which the president said was aimed at helping Christians in Syria. Burroughs' ruling also prompted some Trump critics to urge holders of green cards, which allow foreign nationals to live and work permanently in the United States, to fly into Boston, to lessen the risk of detainment. White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus said several times on NBC's "Meet the Press" that Trump's order does not affect green card holders "moving forward" or "going forward." In a ruling on Sunday, U.S. District Judge Dolly Gee in Los Angeles directed the return to the United States of Ali Khoshbakhti Vayeghan, who authorities had sent back to his native Iran following Trump's order.  The ruling from Brinkema, in Alexandria, Virginia, barred the Homeland Security agency from removing an estimated 50 to 60 legal permanent residents who had been detained at Dulles. In Seattle, U.S. District Judge Thomas Zilly barred the government from removing two people, who were not named in court papers. He scheduled a Feb. 3 hearing on whether to lift that stay.   (Reporting by Nate Raymond and Mica Rosenberg and Jonathan Stempel in New York; Additional reporting by Andrew Chung, Dan Levine and Yeganeh Torbati; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Mary Milliken) 
Next In Politics  
'I'm not ranting and raving.' Trump on defensive in first solo news conference 
WASHINGTON The first gripe came three minutes into President Donald Trump's first solo news conference on Thursday, when he accused reporters of ignoring a poll showing him with a 55 percent approval rating - a figure at odds with most other surveys. 
Trump dismisses Russia controversy as 'scam' by hostile media 
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump dismissed a growing controversy about ties between his aides and Russia on Thursday as a "ruse" and "scam" perpetrated by a hostile news media, and denied any of his associates had contacts with Moscow before last year's election. 
Pence heads to Europe on reassurance tour 
WASHINGTON U.S. Vice President Mike Pence will seek on Saturday to soothe allies unnerved by his boss' unorthodox statements on Russia and NATO as he stresses America's commitment to Europe during the first major foreign address for the Trump administration. 
MORE FROM REUTERS 
Sponsored Content 
From Around the Web Promoted by Revcontent 
Trending Stories 
Pictures 
Photos of the week 
Sponsored Topics 
X  
Follow Reuters: 
Follow Us On Twitter 
Follow Us On Facebook 
Follow Us On RSS 
Follow Us On Instagram 
Follow Us On YouTube 
Follow Us On LinkedIn 
Subscribe: 
Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps 
Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers 
Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters . Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: 
Eikon 
Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface 
Elektron 
Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management 
World-Check 
Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks 
Westlaw 
Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology 
ONESOURCE 
The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs
CHECKPOINT 
The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals 
All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. 
Site Feedback 
Corrections 
Advertising Guidelines 
Cookies 
Terms of Use 
Privacy Policy