No. 4 Mississippi State beats Texas A&M 71-61                   /">   SUBSCRIBE NOW to get home delivery     News   Sports   Life   Money   Tech   Travel   Opinion    Weather    Icon  Humidity  Precip.  Winds  Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip " value="" /> Cancel Set Close settings Full Forecast  Crosswords  Washington   Video  Stocks  Apps  Best-Selling Books  Classifieds  College  Corrections  Interactives  Newsletters  Photo Galleries  Scores  Newsstand  Podcasts  Investigations  Policing the USA   Moonlighting    More  News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost    Search   Firefly  Hi  Already a subscriber? Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAY Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings. My Account  Log Out       Get the news Log In or Subscribe to skip  Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google Sign in FAQ       
198
Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about  Facebook Email Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest  No. 4 Mississippi State beats Texas A&M 71-61 Victoria Vivians scored 18 points, Teaira McCowan and Morgan William each had 10 and No. 4 Mississippi State beat Texas A&M 71-61 on Sunday    Post to Facebook    No. 4 Mississippi State beats Texas A&M 71-61 &#13;&#13;Victoria Vivians scored 18 points, Teaira McCowan and Morgan William each had 10 and No. 4 Mississippi State beat Texas A&M 71-61 on Sunday &#13;&#13;Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jH2apz 
{#
#}
Cancel Send  Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address.  Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.    Join the Nation&#39;s Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs       No. 4 Mississippi State beats Texas A&amp;M 71-61  
AP
Published 6:16 p.m. ET Jan. 29, 2017 | Updated 7:20 p.m. ET Jan. 29, 2017      Mississippi State guard Roshunda Johnson (11) dribbles past Texas A&M forward Taylor Cooper (3) in the first half of an NCAA college basketball game in Starkville, Miss., Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017. (AP Photo/Rogelio V. Solis) (Photo: The Associated Press)    CONNECT  TWEET 
198
LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE  STARKVILLE, Miss. (AP) — Mississippi State star Victoria Vivians — inexplicably — was wide open in the corner during the second quarter, caught a pass and drained a 3-pointer. Texas A&amp;M coach Gary Blair frowned, took off his coat and tossed it toward the bench in disgust. His Aggies were giving the Bulldogs a tough game in front of a hostile crowd, but mistakes like that meant there would be no road upset. Vivians scored 18 points, Teaira McCowan and Morgan William both added 10 and No. 4 Mississippi State survived a hard-fought game to beat Texas A&amp;M 71-61 on Sunday. "That was two really good teams and I knew it was going to be like that," Mississippi State coach Vic Schaefer said. Schaefer was an assistant coach under Blair when Texas A&amp;M won a national title in 2011. He took the Mississippi State job in 2012. The two longtime friends and colleagues are so familiar with each other that both said strategy decisions were difficult and the mutual knowledge probably cancelled each other out. In the end, Mississippi State won because it simply had better players. The Bulldogs were dominant at times in the post and the 6-foot-7 McCowan was particularly efficient, making 4 of 5 shots from the field and grabbing six rebounds in 15 minutes. "That was a Top 25 team playing a Top 5 team," Texas A&amp;M coach Gary Blair said. "But we acted like we belong." Mississippi State (21-1, 7-1 Southeastern Conference) bounced back from its lone loss of the season against No. 5 South Carolina on Monday. The Aggies made things interesting in the fourth quarter, pulling to 55-50 with 6:31 remaining, but the Bulldogs responded with four straight points and Texas A&amp;M never made another serious run. Mississippi State backup guard Roshunda Johnson scored seven crucial points in the fourth quarter when Vivians was on the bench to push back against the final Texas A&amp;M rally. "I'm just always trying to be prepared when my number is called and executing the plays that coach calls out," Johnson said. Texas A&amp;M (15-6, 5-3) led 20-15 in the first quarter after hitting 7 of 11 shots, including all three of its 3-point attempts. Mississippi State recovered in a hurry in the second quarter, pushing ahead 41-29 by halftime. Curtyce Knox led the Aggies with 20 points, and Danni Williams added 15. Both played all 40 minutes. Blair said that while he likes both players, it's not an optimal situation. "We are squeezing blood out of turnips right now because we don't have a lot of depth," Blair said. BIG PICTURE Texas A&amp;M: The Aggies started out on a torrid offensive pace, but it quickly proved unsustainable. Texas A&amp;M is certainly one of the better teams in the SEC, but probably a notch below the league's top two powers South Carolina and Mississippi State. Mississippi State: The Bulldogs recovered from their road loss to South Carolina with a solid victory. Mississippi State showed it can have balanced scoring, with six players scoring at least nine points. Johnson hit a few big shots in the fourth quarter to help the Bulldogs pull away for good. BIG CROWD Mississippi State announced a crowd of 7,780 at Humphrey Coliseum. That's the third biggest crowd for a women's basketball game in school history. UP NEXT Texas A&amp;M returns home to face Florida on Thursday. It starts a three-game homestand for the Aggies. Mississippi State goes on the road to face Auburn on Thursday. ___ Follow David Brandt on Twitter: www.twitter.com/davidbrandtAP  CONNECT  TWEET 
198
LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE  Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.   NEVER MISS OUT  Sports Stay in the know and in the zone, 7 days a week, with scores, analysis, and in-depth features and commentary.   Privacy Notice  THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Sports NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001 Sign up
for more Newsletters