Seven days in January: The Trump presidency begins - The Orange County Register 
Subscribe Today 
Customer Service 
eRegister 
Today's Paper 
Knowledge Cafe 
Magazines 
Unidos 
Weather 
Home 
News 
Sports 
Business 
Entertainment 
Life 
Opinion 
Obits 
Register Rewards 
CARS 
JOBS 
DEALS 
HOMES 
CLASSIFIEDS 
Political Cartoons 
Columns 
Editorials 
Letters to the Editor 
About Us 
Hooked shark in Huntington Beach raises concerns again about surfer safety 
Fundraiser honors the late Arlyn Pillay at his Tustin art gallery 
Casa Romantica's free admission days offer history lessons with a view 
It's almost here: Southern California braces for powerful rainstorm 
Ducks forward Antoine Vermette gets 10-game suspension 
Alex Meyer hopes changes to delivery can lead him to Angels rotation 
Sam Saunders' opening round at Genesis Open fit for a King 
Sergio Romo wearing Dodger blue, much to family's liking 
Grocery Outlet in Tustin part of several new stores opening in 2017 
Tel Aviv-born fast-food chain bringing its gourmet mini-burgers to Orange County 
Mortgage rates down slightly 
Muscle Maker Grill to help My Fit Foods customers 
After latest ticket price increase, is Disneyland still a good value? 
Riverside metalcore band Suicide Silence changes its game; see them at the Observatory on Feb. 24 
Twenty One Pilots at Honda Center a spectacle with two stages and a giant hamster ball 
Disneyland update: Steel's landing in the 'Star Wars' land project 
Top news 
Opinion 
Seven days in January: The Trump presidency begins 
Jan. 29, 2017 
Updated 12:00 a.m. 
1 of 1 
President Donald Trump, accompanied by Vice President Mike Pence, left, and Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly, pauses while speaking at the Homeland Security Department in Washington, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017.	 AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais 
By CARL CANNON / Staff Columnist   
Facebook 
Twitter 
Email 
Comments 
PRINT 
SEND PDF 
President Donald Trump, accompanied by Vice President Mike Pence, left, and Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly, pauses while speaking at the Homeland Security Department in Washington, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017.			 AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais 
WASHINGTON &ndash; A new president too deferential to Russia. An overzealous three-star general. Toxic levels of partisanship in the capital, coupled with Americans&rsquo; widespread fear of economic upheaval. Sound familiar? 
That was the backdrop for &ldquo;Seven Days in May,&rdquo; a thriller written by two Washington newspapermen during the Kennedy administration and made into a motion picture starring Burt Lancaster, Fredric March and Kirk Douglas. The story depicts a futuristic coup attempt fomented within the Joint Chiefs of Staff. 
But life is sometimes stranger than fiction, isn&rsquo;t it? Welcome to 2017. 
Donald Trump was elected president by defying most established norms of modern politics. He trafficked in personal insults, racially insensitive remarks and fact-challenged rhetorical flights of fancy. When called on it, he attacked his critics as biased journalists or ineffective political hacks. This approach had enough truth to it that it worked. So there he was on Inauguration Day, facing a huge throng of Americans, where he proved to be the exact same guy he&rsquo;d been in the campaign. 
Should we have been surprised? I was. I&rsquo;d been thinking of previous U.S. presidents, particularly Harry Truman and Chester A. Arthur, who were thrust into a job they were unprepared for &mdash; and who rose to the occasion. But Donald J. Trump hasn&rsquo;t changed a bit. 
Day One: President Trump&rsquo;s &ldquo;America First&rdquo; inaugural address eschewed the unifying language that might have sought to soothe the wounds of a particularly divisive campaign. Instead, continuing his campaign theme, he went full-on populist. &ldquo;We will follow two simple rules,&rdquo; he proclaimed: &ldquo;Buy American, and hire American.&rdquo; 
It was a frontal assault on globalism. It polled well, too, though not nearly as well as the more traditional first inaugural addresses of George W. Bush and Barack Obama. 
Day Two: The anti-Trump women&rsquo;s march was held on this day. The new president didn&rsquo;t like the media&rsquo;s fixation with the immensity of it &mdash; and unfavorable comparisons between the crowd size of his and Obama&rsquo;s 2009 inaugurations. He posted two tweets, the first of which contained three separate thoughts: 1) &ldquo;Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election!&rdquo; 2) &ldquo;Celebs hurt cause badly.&rdquo; 3) &ldquo;Why didn&rsquo;t these people vote?&rdquo; The first two points were on the money, but the voting gibe was absurd. Those women voted; they were angry their candidate lost. 
Trump also found time Saturday to dress down the acting head of the National Park Service for the agency&rsquo;s tweets about the crowd comparisons, and visited the CIA to mend fences. While there, he said the media had told &ldquo;a lie&rdquo; about the Obama crowd being bigger than his. &ldquo;We caught them in a beauty,&rdquo; he said. Meanwhile, new Trump Press Secretary Sean Spicer went to the White House briefing room to say the same thing. 
Day Three: In &ldquo;Seven Days in May,&rdquo; a pivotal plot point has the Pentagon conspirators launching their coup on the day of the Preakness Stakes. That race is run on the third Saturday in May, but the moviemakers needed it to be a Sunday. The solution? A script doctor had a character walk by a poster saying, &ldquo;First Ever Sunday Running of the Preakness.&rdquo; 
In real life, we have Sunday talk shows, where, on Day Three of Trump&rsquo;s presidency, adviser Kellyanne Conway responded to &ldquo;Meet the Press&rdquo; host Chuck Todd&rsquo;s questions about Spicer&rsquo;s dubious crowd estimates with the memorable phrase &ldquo;alternative facts.&rdquo; 
Day Four: Monday morning was President Trump&rsquo;s first workday in the Oval Office, where he signed three executive orders. One reinstated the so-called Mexico City Policy. First approved by President Reagan, it bans nongovernmental organizations receiving federal funds from performing or promoting abortion in other countries. New Republican presidents sign this; Democrats rescind it. Trump also froze federal hiring and withdrew the U.S. from the Trans-Pacific Partnership. 
&ldquo;Great thing for the American worker that we just did,&rdquo; Trump said as he signed the measure. Republican leaders were mostly mute, but Bernie Sanders wasn&rsquo;t. &ldquo;I am glad the Trans-Pacific Partnership is dead and gone,&rdquo; he crowed. &ldquo;If President Trump is serious about a new policy to help American workers, then I would be delighted to work with him.&rdquo; 
Day Five: Trump signed a series of orders he vowed would jump-start business growth, including one to revive the Keystone XL pipeline project that the Obama administration had slow-walked to oblivion. &ldquo;We&rsquo;ll see if we can get that pipeline built,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;A lot of jobs, 28,000 jobs. Great construction jobs.&rdquo; 
This event generated less media coverage than Trump had hoped &mdash; because he reiterated his odd claim that &ldquo;millions&rdquo; of noncitizens voted illegally for Hillary Clinton, and that if they hadn&rsquo;t he&rsquo;d have won the popular vote. Pressed on this obsession at his briefing, Spicer cited a few studies &mdash; that don&rsquo;t show what Trump claimed &mdash; while adding, &ldquo;It&rsquo;s a belief he maintains.&rdquo; 
Day Six: Trump called, via Twitter, for a &ldquo;major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and even those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!&rdquo; 
Trump took ABC anchorman David Muir on a White House tour. At one point, the president pointed to a photograph of his inauguration. &ldquo;I had a massive amount of people here,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;Here&rsquo;s a picture of the event. Now, the audience was the biggest ever. ... Look how far back it goes. The crowd was massive.&rdquo; 
Day Seven: Rounding out his first week in office, Trump launched the shortest trade war in world history. Spicer floated, and later clarified, a plan that would slap a 20 percent duty on every import from Mexico. Meanwhile, GOP lawmakers committed to appropriating up to $18 billion for a wall on the southern U.S. border. 
So that&rsquo;s two possible sources of funding for Trump&rsquo;s &ldquo;big, beautiful wall.&rdquo; A third dried up when Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto called off a trip to Washington while stressing that, contrary to Trump&rsquo;s wishes, his country will not fund it. Although Pena Nieto kept his government&rsquo;s rhetoric diplomatic, former Mexican President Vicente Fox felt no similar compunction. 
&ldquo;I never thought the American people would go for a president like this,&rdquo; Fox told The Washington Post. &ldquo;We don&rsquo;t want the ugly American, which Trump represents: that imperial gringo that used to invade our country.&rdquo; 
&ldquo;The Ugly American&rdquo; was another Cold War novel, one John Kennedy read and liked &mdash; and used as a rationale for the Peace Corps. JFK liked &ldquo;Seven Days in May,&rdquo; too, and instructed aides to help facilitate filming around the White House. 
In that movie, the president was the good guy, and the plotters were right-wingers. Although a liberal Democrat, Burt Lancaster initially balked at the role because he found the movie unfair to conservative Republicans. (Imagine a Hollywood activist having that concern today.) But Lancaster was assured by Kirk Douglas that his character was morally ambiguous, if misguided. Rod Serling, who wrote the script, teased out this theme. The real enemy, he wrote in lines uttered by the president, is not the scheming general. It is a post-nuclear world that &ldquo;happens to have killed man&rsquo;s faith in his ability to influence what happens to him.&rdquo; 
Carl M. Cannon is executive editor and Washington Bureau chief of RealClearPolitics.       
Related Links 
City bankruptcies should be a state responsibility 
In California, a poor excuse for economic growth 
NATO needs a rebalancing of internal power 
Don't let the rain dampen our conservation efforts 
WRITE A LETTER TO THE EDITOR 
Letters to the Editor: E-mail to letters@ocregister.com . 
Please provide your name, city and telephone number (telephone numbers will not be published). 
Letters of about 200 words or videos of 30-seconds 
each will be given preference. Letters will be edited for length, grammar and clarity. 
Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off 		 
Most Popular 
SigAlert: Woman dies after being hit by car on I-405 freeway in Irvine Orange Coast College student suspended for secret recording speaks out OCC student suspended after filming teacher saying Trump's election was 'an act of terror 12 restaurant closures include 2 Walmart McDonald's, Coco's, Carrows, TGI Friday's, Chili Former Costa Mesa officer found guilty of insurance fraud 
Related Links 
City bankruptcies should be a state responsibility 
In California, a poor excuse for economic growth 
NATO needs a rebalancing of internal power 
Don't let the rain dampen our conservation efforts 
User Agreement
Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy &amp; Terms of Use 
Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial
slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about
tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to
allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to
republish your name and comment in additional Register publications
without any notification or payment. 
Hooked shark in Huntington Beach raises concerns again about surfer safety 
Fundraiser honors the late Arlyn Pillay at his Tustin art gallery 
Casa Romantica's free admission days offer history lessons with a view 
It's almost here: Southern California braces for powerful rainstorm 
Ducks forward Antoine Vermette gets 10-game suspension 
Alex Meyer hopes changes to delivery can lead him to Angels rotation 
Sam Saunders' opening round at Genesis Open fit for a King 
Sergio Romo wearing Dodger blue, much to family's liking 
Grocery Outlet in Tustin part of several new stores opening in 2017 
Tel Aviv-born fast-food chain bringing its gourmet mini-burgers to Orange County 
Mortgage rates down slightly 
Muscle Maker Grill to help My Fit Foods customers 
After latest ticket price increase, is Disneyland still a good value? 
Riverside metalcore band Suicide Silence changes its game; see them at the Observatory on Feb. 24 
Twenty One Pilots at Honda Center a spectacle with two stages and a giant hamster ball 
Disneyland update: Steel's landing in the 'Star Wars' land project 
Top news 
Education &raquo; 
OCC student facing suspension over secret anti-Trump recording gets support from across the country 
A 'Day Without Immigrants' sweeps through Orange County, Southern California 
OCC student suspended for recording teacher speaks out, files appeal 
BUSINESS &raquo; 
Grocery Outlet in Tustin part of several new stores opening in 2017 
Tel Aviv-born fast-food chain bringing its gourmet mini-burgers to Orange County 
Mortgage rates down slightly 
O.C. Watchdog &raquo; 
Quake, tsunami at San Onofre? Science calms some fears, possibly stokes others 
Get nuclear waste off beach, Issa says 
NRC nuked cancer study assuming no link between reactors and disease, records show 
Health Care &raquo; 
CSUF training the midwives of the future 
State braces for Medi-Cal's future 
Newport Beach doctor who faked own death pleads guilty to fleeing 
ENTERTAINMENT &raquo; 
After latest ticket price increase, is Disneyland still a good value? 
Riverside metalcore band Suicide Silence changes its game; see them at the Observatory on Feb. 24 
Twenty One Pilots at Honda Center a spectacle with two stages and a giant hamster ball 
Food &raquo; 
Tel Aviv-born fast-food chain bringing its gourmet mini-burgers to Orange County 
Muscle Maker Grill to help My Fit Foods customers 
12 restaurant closures include 2 Walmart McDonald's, Coco's, Carrows, TGI Friday's, Chili's 
TELEVISION &raquo; 
Top Chef recap: Will Orange County have another finalist? 
Does Newport Beach chef Shirley Chung make it to the Final Four of 'Top Chef'? 
Drummer with disabilities pursues a dream - a shot at America's Got Talent 
Special Sections &raquo; 
Oceanfront Laguna Beach house asking $19.4 million heads to auction block 
OC Home 2016 
OC HOME 2015 
Featured Multimedia 
SLIDESHOW &raquo; 
Here's how WWE SmackDown LIVE looked at Honda Center in Anaheim 
FLOODING &raquo; 
How the Lake Oroville Dam is just the beginning of California's flood fears 
SLIDESHOW &raquo; 
Rumor the German shepherd wins best in show at Westminster Dog Show 
GALLERY &raquo; 
These cute animal photos will warm your heart for Valentine's Day 
MARRIAGE RATES &raquo; 
FOCUS: Where and why marriage rates are in decline 
OCVARSITY &raquo; 
Video: Preview of boys basketball playoffs 
Programs & Promotions 
Nominate an Everyday Hero 
Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters 
Cars 
Jobs 
Homes 
Deals 
Classifieds 
Find a car 
Dealer Print
Specials 
Find a Dealer 
News and Research 
Sell a Car 
Find a job 
Employer Tools 
Interview Online 
Post a Resume 
Top Workplaces 
Find a home 
Apartments &amp; Rentals 
Find an Agent 
Mortgage Center 
New Homes 
Find a deal 
Garage Sales 
Grocery Coupons 
Search Coupons 
Search Ads 
Search Classifieds 
Announcements 
Obituaries 
Place an Ad 
Pets 
Business Directory 
More Orange County Businesses 	 
Ads by Google
Return to Top 
home 
news 
sports 
business 
entertainment 
life 
travel 
opinion 
Real estate 
Jobs 
Cars 
Deals 
Classifieds 
Place an Ad 
ADVERTISE OPTIONS 
Self Service 
Place an Online Ad 
Place a Print Ad 
Place a Classified Ad 
Media Kit 
Advertising Contact Info 
CONTACT OCREGISTER 
About Us 
Careers 
Contact Us 
Corrections 
Customer Service 
Subscribe Today 
Upgrade to 7-days 
Subscriber Services 
Site Help 
Site Feedback 
OCR SERVICES 
Archives 
Buy Our Photos 
California Lottery 
Deals 
Register Rewards 
Register in Education 
Obituaries 
Facebook Comments FAQs 
NEWS YOUR WAY 
Blogs 
E-Mail Newsletters 
E-Register 
Mobile 
RSS 
Site Map 
Video 
ADVERTISING 
Classifieds 
Cars 
Deals 
Jobs 
Real Estate 
Place a Classified Ad 
View our Media Kit 
PARTNERS 
KDOC-TV 
Unidos 
Coast Magazine 
Freedom Printing 
OC Register Family 
Southland Golf 
Copyright &copy; 2017 The Orange County Register &amp; Digital First Media 
Privacy Policy &amp; Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media