Senegal's loss is Liverpool's gain as Mane returns early
FRI, FEB 17, 2017 
| -7 
&deg;C 
Partly cloudy 
Full Text Archive 
Danger Zone: Vaccination in Hamilton schools 
Spec 170th anniversary 
Spec Auctions 
Readers' Choice 
Columns 
Wellness 
Subscription 
Today's Paper 
In Your Neighbourhood 
Home & Garden 
Newsroom Insider podcast 
Event listings 
3DownNation 
Hot topics 
Newspaper in Education 
Top Employers 
Search All Articles 
Search Entire Site 
Login 
SignUp 
home 
news 
business 
sports 
what's on 
opinion 
community 
Living 
Obituaries 
Classifieds 
Real Estate 
shopping 
jobs   
CRIME 
LOCAL 
ONTARIO 
CANADA 
WORLD 
BUSINESS 
57 minutes ago
Wounded man flags down police on Barton East; firefighters treat second victim at fire hall 
One person has been arrested in stabbing, police say 
Latest News SEE MORE 
Kim Jong Nam, the hunted heir to a dictator who met death in exile 
Lessons on Aging Well, From a 105-Year-Old Cyclist 
BlackBerry class action launched on behalf of more than 300 employees 
Business Links 
HamiltonBusiness.com 
, 
Young Professionals 
, 
Economic Development 
, 
Steeltown 
7 hours ago
BlackBerry’s share of smartphone market hits zero 
Nothing marks BlackBerry’s transition to a software company better than... 
Latest Business News SEE MORE 
More Hamilton companies planning to hire, survey shows 
Hamilton Farmers’ Market has new vendor 
Casting Oscar: Foundry creates each statuette as work of art 
LOCAL 
McMaster-university athletics 
End to End blog 
BULLDOGS - OHL 
Sports TV Listings 
TICATS - CFL 
SCRATCHING POST 
UREPORT 
Drew Edwards 
Steve Milton 
Teri Pecoskie 
Scott Radley 
Calendar 
Olympics 
58 minutes ago
White scores 20, Colorado holds on to beat Oregon State 
White scores 20, Colorado holds on to beat Oregon State 
Latest Sports News SEE MORE 
Hall hits game-winner in overtime win for Montana State 
Cal St. Bakersfield controls Utah Valley in 81-71 win 
Reinhart, Kane score; Lehner perfect as Sabres beat Avs 2-0 
Contests 
Hamilton Events 
Burlington Events 
Movie news+reviews 
Movie Listings 
Art 
Arts & Entertainment 
BOOKS 
MUSIC 
RESTAURANT REVIEWS 
Television 
TV LIstings 
Theatre 
Wow 
Celebrity 
1 hour ago
Courtney Stodden's emotions are 'really raw' after split 
Courtney Stodden says her "emotions are still really raw" following her... 
Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 
Ashley Greene wants relaxing wedding 
*NSYNC to reunite for Hollywood Walk of Fame star 
Kylie Jenner praises social media 
Editorial 
Commentary 
Letters 
Columnists 
Cartoons 
Newsroom Insider 
Blogs 
Commenting Guidelines 
Feb 15, 2017
The Spectator's View: Sshh. Don't mention Islamophobia 
Did you know that the Trudeau government is considering action that would... 
Inside Opinion: Spec viewpoint and community analysis 
VIEW MORE OPINION 
Contests 
Spec 170 
Your Stories 
Eye on the Area 
Eye on the Area Photo Submissions 
Newspaper in Education 
Commenting Guidelines 
Power of the Pen 
Community Partnerships 
Family 
Legal Matters 
Money Matters 
Top Employers 
Wellness 
Home and Garden 
Environment 
Small Business Week 
12 hours ago
Dundas, Flamborough hockey communities rally to aid Cate Swartzentruber 
Cate Swartzentruber was diagnosed last year at the age of 44 with Stage 4... 
Latest Community Stories SEE MORE 
Zombie automaker Saab could be back from the dead again 
Why is housing so expensive these days? 
Signpost 
Wheels.ca 
Family & Parenting 
Food 
Health & Fitness 
Home and Garden 
Home 
Style 
Travel 
6 hours ago
Dear Ellie: I’ve found my birth mother and want to get closer 
Q. I was adopted at birth 30 years ago. At 20, I found a letter from my... 
Latest Living Stories SEE MORE 
Friday, Feb. 17: Your daily horoscope 
How to Talk So Little Kids Will Listen: Advice from the author 
WhoWhatWear: Marlene Thomas-Osbourne 
Announcements 
Autos 
Real Estate 
Rentals 
Eye on the Area 
Spectator Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 
Spectator Recruitment Advertising 905-526-3200 
YourClassifieds.ca 
50% off Battered Wild Caught Haddock Portions 
discount: 50% 
| 
value: $50.00 
| 
You Save: $25.00 
Time Remaining: 2 Days
Legal Matters: Fired due to unfair employment policies? Speak to a lawyer
Local Ads 
Business Listings 
Coupons 
Deals 
Flyers 
In Your Neighbourhood 
Readers' Choice Winners 
SpecStore.ca 
Taste of Your Neighbourhood 
50% off Battered Wild Caught Haddock Portions 
discount: 50% 
| 
value: $50.00 
| 
You Save: $25.00 
Time Remaining: 2 Days
Brant Florist
Home  Sports  Soccer  Senegal's loss is Liverpool's gain as Mane returns...  
| 
Jan 30, 2017
 |  
Vote 
0     						
0 
Senegal's loss is Liverpool's gain as Mane returns early
MANCHESTER, England — Senegal's heartbreaking loss in the African Cup of Nations could be Liverpool's gain in the Premier League.
Sadio Mane, Senegal's star player, was in despair after missing the decisive spot kick in a penalty shootout loss to Cameroon in the quarterfinals on Saturday in Gabon.
However, it's likely there were celebrations among Liverpool fans because it means the forward will soon be on his way back to Merseyside to help the team in its stumbling title challenge in the Premier League.
Liverpool sent a private jet to fly Mane back to England but he was not due to land until Monday. There's even a chance that Mane will play a part in Liverpool's game against Chelsea on Tuesday, but maybe only from the bench.
"He will be in tomorrow morning and we have to make a decision," Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp said Monday. "We have to look in his eyes and see whatever is possible."
The forward's absence has coincided with Liverpool's worst run of results since Klopp took charge in October 2015, with the team winning only one of its seven games in all competitions since Mane left for Senegal duty.
The Reds were knocked out of both the FA Cup and League Cup last week and have collected two points from a possible nine in the league in 2017, dropping them to fourth in the standings.
Mane has scored nine league goals in his first season at Liverpool and has been a vital part of the most prolific forward line in the league. Without Mane's energy, Liverpool has looked ponderous going forward and its attacking shape has suffered.
Klopp has been looking for a catalyst to revive Liverpool's season and Mane's return could be it.
"Faith is not something you have today and tomorrow you don't have," Klopp said. "Hopefully we all can recover and the crowd can recover and look forward to the game on Tuesday. It is a home game against the leader of the league and we need everyone for the game."
Liverpool is 10 points adrift of Chelsea, which has an eight-point lead over second-place Arsenal heading into a full round of midweek matches spread over Tuesday and Wednesday.
Here's what else to look out for in the 23rd round of the Premier League:
___
WEST HAM vs. MANCHESTER CITY
Sergio Aguero is a doubt for City on Wednesday because of a back injury sustained against Tottenham last week, but City has cover.
Brazil forward Gabriel Jesus made his first start for City in the 3-0 win over Crystal Palace in the FA Cup on Saturday, and could keep his place if Aguero isn't fit.
In more positive news for City manager Pep Guardiola, Fernandinho is available again after a four-match suspension and captain Vincent Kompany completed 90 minutes against Palace on his first senior appearance since November following his latest injury setback.
___
MANCHESTER UNITED vs. HULL
These two teams should know each other well.
Wednesday's match will be the third meeting between United and Hull in the past three weeks, after their double-header in the League Cup semifinals. They shared one victory each, but United advanced on aggregate.
United hasn't lost in 13 Premier League games and is in sixth place, two points behind fifth-place City and four points behind Liverpool in the final Champions League spot.
___
ALSO
In other matches involving contenders for Champions League qualification, Arsenal is at home to Watford on Tuesday and third-place Tottenham is at last-place Sunderland.
By Steve Douglas, The Associated Press
| 
(0) Comments 
Join The Conversation 
Sign Up 
Login 
Latest News  
World 
A jaw-dropping Trump spectacle, summarized 
Snapshot 
Living 
Developer to foot town bill as Grimsby battles own citizens over 15-storey waterfront condo 
Snapshot 
Local 
Wounded man flags down police on Barton East; firefighters treat second victim at fire hall 
Snapshot 
Local 
Beaten St. Joseph’s Villa resident still in hospital trying to recover from head trauma 
Snapshot 
PHOTOS AND VIDEOS 
View All Photos     
View All Videos     
Local 
VIDEO: Building Birdhouses 
Local 
VIDEO: Arabic speaking midwife 
Local 
VIDEO: Pot dispensary owners rally at city hall 
Local 
VIDEO: Liquid Lead Dancing is not strictly ballroom 
The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario 
Sponsored content 
Most Read 
SEE MORE 
Limited supply, high demand in hot Hamilton housing market ‘without precedent’
Man’s ‘passing proves that evil does in fact die,’ brutally honest obituary reads
Police release video of 5-car-crash, alleged U-Haul driver fleeing scene
She won the lottery at 17. Now she blames Euromillions officials for 'ruining her life.'
Ontario man forgot he stashed $100,000 in old TV
In Your Neighbourhood Today 
Legal Matters: Understanding The Healthy Menu Choices Act
Question: 
WHAT’S WITH THE CALORIE COUNTS ON THE MENU?
Answer:
The Healthy Menu Choices... 
Practise daily denture care for a clean, healthy smile and fresh breath
Frank Odorico Denture Clinic has been creating quality dentures and beautiful new smiles for... 
Water filters are a great addition to your home drinking supply
Chlorine, lead, and mercury — these are just a few of the contaminants that may live in your... 
Traffic ticket headaches? Consult a paralegal
TCS Legal Services in Hamilton offers peace of mind for traffic ticket headaches. Paralegal Bruce... 
Glass doors and partitions add a touch of style to your home or office
Glass doors and partitions can transform any home or office, significantly enhancing the space by... 
Invite rustic charm and gourmet cuisine to your wedding
When you're planning your special day, you want nothing less than a truly special place to... 
A reliable, family-owned appliance resource in Hamilton
Hamilton, Ontario’s RTC Appliances is a family owned and operated business servicing clients in... 
Legal Matters: Bill 28 creates new definitions of parentage and rules for birth registration
As the concept of family evolves in our society so must our understanding of parenthood. The... 
Meat and cheese platters: The perfect food for your next party
Nardini Specialties in Stoney Creek knows that a lot of hard work goes into planning a party.... 
Paramount Pharmasave: There’s an app for that!
Paramount Pharmasave in Stoney Creek offers a wide range of convenient and supportive health... 
Make your condo workspace a work of art
Your condo might be more than a modern living space — it could be where you do a lot of your... 
Packaging products for successful sales
You may be offering the greatest product on the market, but poor packaging may prevent you from... 
Are your business employment contracts compliant with current legal guidelines?
For more than a century, the business law firm of Inch Hammond Business Lawyers has provided... 
Money that works for you: How upgrading your furnace and AC will save you money
Bulletproof Heating & Cooling in Hamilton and Southern Ontario understands that the rising energy... 
10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive
So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... 
Decor ideas for your wedding theme
At Heritage Weddings in Hamilton, they know there are many aspects to planning the wedding of your... 
Enjoy award-winning steaks at Shakespeare’s in Hamilton
Shakespeare’s Steak and Seafood — Hamilton’s award-winning fine dining restaurant — is proud to be... 
Vets who nurture their community as well as their pets
Supporting and nurturing the community they serve is just as important to the vets at Caledonia... 
Hamilton Niagara Haldimand Brant Community Care Access Centre: Outstanding care - every person, every day
The Hamilton Niagara Haldimand Brant Community Care Access Centre (HNHB CCAC) has been named one of... 
How to convert trial users to loyal customers with online communications
There's no doubt that connecting with new customers digitally is an effective marketing method for... 
SPONSORED CONTENT 
View More 
  
56% at Gino's Pizza 
$10 
View Deal
Up to 70% off at Boston Pizza 
$6 
View Deal
Up to 50% off Dinner at the Anchor Bar 
$15 
View Deal
47% off Authentic Mexican Cuisine 
$29 
View Deal
Up to 44% off Prix Fixe Dinner 
$45 
View Deal
50% off an Italian Dinner for 2 People 
$55 
View Deal
50% off Pub Fare 
$15 
View Deal
95% off Prescription Eyeglasses 
$15 
View Deal
View All Deals 
MORE SOCCER 
FA Cup trip into the unknown for Arsenal after Munich misery
German soccer federation bans 88 Dortmund fans from stadiums
Man City fined, warned after admitting to anti-doping breach
English soccer player charged with pushing a ball boy
Referee Mark Clattenburg quitting England for Saudi Arabia
Previous Next 
It’s Toronto FC boot camp for draft picks and trialists in early pre-season     
Hamilton's Canadian Premier League fans: No team yet, no league yet, but they’re already cheering 
TheSpec Info 
About Us 
Accessible Customer Service Policy 
Advertise With Us 
Become a Carrier 
Commenting Guidelines 
Commitment to Accessibility 
Contact Us 
Corporate Sales 
Eye on the Area Photo Submissions 
FAQ 
Go Cooking 
Manage My Subscription 
Mobile 
Newsletter Signup 
Print Editions 
Sitemap 
SpecStore.ca 
Staff Directory 
Today's Paper 
Work for Us 
Local Info 
Announcements 
Cars 
Classifieds 
Deals 
Jobs 
Real Estate 
Rentals 
Shopping 
Travel 
AutoCatch.com 
Community Sites 
BramptonGuardian.com 
BrantNews.com 
CambridgeTimes.ca 
FlamboroughReview.com 
GuelphMercuryTribune.com 
HamiltonNews.com 
InsideHalton.com 
Mississauga.com 
NiagaraThisWeek.com 
NorfolkNews.ca 
Sachem.ca 
TheRecord.com 
Resources 
GoldBook.ca 
InsuranceHotline.com 
LeaseBusters.com 
MetrolandStore.com 
Affiliates & Partners 
Toronto Star 
Toronto.com 
Metro 
Workopolis 
Metroland News 
| 
Advertising Terms 
| 
Terms of use 
| 
Corporate Privacy Policy 
© Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved