Saudi king agrees in call with Trump to support Syria, Yemen safe zones: White House
| Reuters 
X 
Edition: 
United States 
Business 
Business Home 
Legal 
Deals 
Aerospace & Defense 
Finance 
Autos 
Reuters Summits 
ADventures 
Data Dive 
Markets 
Markets Home 
U.S. Markets 
European Markets 
Asian Markets 
Global Market Data 
Indices 
Stocks 
Bonds 
Currencies 
Commodities 
Futures 
Funds 
Earnings 
Dividends 
World 
World Home 
U.S. 
Special Reports 
Reuters Investigates 
Euro Zone 
Middle East 
China 
Japan 
Mexico 
Brazil 
Africa 
Russia 
India 
Politics 
Politics Home 
Polling Explorer 
Live: Trump's First 100 Days 
Supreme Court 
Tech 
Technology Home 
Science 
Top 100 Global Innovators 
Media 
Environment 
Innovation 
Commentary 
Commentary Home 
Podcasts 
Breakingviews 
Breakingviews Home 
Breakingviews Video 
Money 
Money Home 
Retirement 
Lipper Awards 
Analyst Research 
Stock Screener 
Fund Screener 
Life 
Health 
Sports 
Arts 
Entertainment 
Oddly Enough 
Pictures 
Pictures Home 
The Wider Image 
Photographers 
Focus 360 
Video 
Saudi king agrees in call with Trump to support Syria, Yemen safe zones: W...
Africa 
América Latina 
عربي 
Argentina 
Brasil 
Canada 
中国 
Deutschland 
España 
France 
India 
Italia 
日本 
México 
РОССИЯ 
United Kingdom 
United States 
World News 
| 
Mon Jan 30, 2017 | 1:14am EST 
Saudi king agrees in call with Trump to support Syria, Yemen safe zones: White House 
left 
right 
U.S. President Donald Trump, joined by his senior advisor and son-in-law Jared Kushner (R), speaks by phone with the Saudi Arabia's King Salman in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington, U.S. January 29, 2017. 
REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst 
1/4 
left 
right 
U.S. President Donald Trump waits to speak by phone with the Saudi Arabia's King Salman in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington, U.S. January 29, 2017. 
REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst 
2/4 
left 
right 
U.S. President Donald Trump waits to speak by phone with the Saudi Arabia's King Salman in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington, U.S. January 29, 2017. 
REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst 
3/4 
left 
right 
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks by phone with the Saudi Arabia's King Salman in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington, U.S. January 29, 2017. 
REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst 
4/4 
WASHINGTON/RIYADH Saudi Arabia's King Salman, in a telephone call on Sunday with U.S. President Donald Trump, agreed to support safe zones in Syria and Yemen, a White House statement said.  Trump, during his presidential campaign last year, had called for Gulf states to pay for establishing safe zones to protect Syrian refugees. A statement after the phone call said the two leaders agreed on the importance of strengthening joint efforts to fight the spread of Islamic State militants. "The president requested, and the King agreed, to support safe zones in Syria and Yemen, as well as supporting other ideas to help the many refugees who are displaced by the ongoing conflicts," the statement said. The Saudi Press Agency, in an initial readout of the call, made no specific mention of safe zones, but said the two leaders had affirmed the "depth and durability of the strategic relationship" between the two countries. The agency later said "the custodian of the Two Holy Mosques had confirmed his support and backing for setting up safe zones in Syria", but did not mention Yemen, where a Saudi alliance is fighting against the Iran-aligned Houthi group. A senior Saudi source told Reuters the two leaders spoke for more than an hour by telephone and agreed to step up counter-terrorism and military cooperation and enhance economic cooperation. 
But the source had no word on whether the two leaders discussed Trump's order to put a four-month hold on allowing refugees into the United States and temporarily ban travelers from Syria and six other Muslim-majority countries. The source said Saudi Arabia would enhance its participation in the U.S.-led coalition fighting to oust Islamic State from its strongholds in Iraq and Syria. The White House statement said the two leaders also agreed on the need to address "Iran's destabilizing regional activities." SPA confirmed the report but made no specific mention of Iran. 
Both countries share views about Iranian policies in the region, the Saudi source said, suggesting Trump agreed with Riyadh's suspicion of what it sees as Tehran's growing influence in the Arab world. Iran denies it meddles in Arab countries. The White House statement said the two also discussed what it called an invitation from the king for Trump "to lead a Middle East effort to defeat terrorism and to help build a new future, economically and socially," for Saudi Arabia and the region. The two also discussed the Muslim Brotherhood, the senior Saudi source said, adding in a reference to the late al Qaeda leader, "it was mentioned that Osama bin Laden was recruited at an early stage" by the organization. 
Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates designated the Brotherhood a terrorist organization. Riyadh fears the Brotherhood, whose Sunni Islamist doctrines challenge the Saudi principle of dynastic rule, has tried to build support inside the kingdom since the Arab Spring revolutions. U.S. officials and people close to Trump's transition team have said a debate is under way in the Trump administration whether the United States should also declare the Brotherhood a terrorist organization and subject it to U.S. sanctions. Trump also spoke with Abu Dhabi Crown Prince Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan. In what appears to have been a reference to the Muslim Brotherhood, the Crown Prince was cited by UAE state news agency WAM as saying "groups that raise fake slogans and ideologies aim to hide their criminal truth by spreading chaos and destruction." The White House said Trump had also "raised the idea of supporting safe zones for the refugees displaced by the conflict in the region, and the Crown Prince agreed to support this initiative."   (Reporting By Steve Holland in Washington, Samia Nakhoul in Beirut and William Maclean and Reem Shamseddine in Dubai; Writing by Yara Bayoumy; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli) 
Next In World News  
Pence heads to Europe on reassurance tour 
WASHINGTON U.S. Vice President Mike Pence will seek on Saturday to soothe allies unnerved by his boss' unorthodox statements on Russia and NATO as he stresses America's commitment to Europe during the first major foreign address for the Trump administration. 
Europe must not bow to U.S. spending demands on NATO: EU's Juncker 
MUNICH, Germany European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said on Thursday that Europe must not cave in to U.S demands to raise military spending, arguing that development and humanitarian aid could also count as security. 
Germany's Schaeuble says EU must assume more active global role 
BERLIN German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said on Friday the European Union must take on a bigger international role, saying the answer to crises from security to climate change, was to stick together and stop relying on the United States. 
MORE FROM REUTERS 
Sponsored Content 
From Around the Web Promoted by Revcontent 
Trending Stories 
Pictures 
Photos of the week 
Sponsored Topics 
X  
Follow Reuters: 
Follow Us On Twitter 
Follow Us On Facebook 
Follow Us On RSS 
Follow Us On Instagram 
Follow Us On YouTube 
Follow Us On LinkedIn 
Subscribe: 
Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps 
Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers 
Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters . Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: 
Eikon 
Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface 
Elektron 
Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management 
World-Check 
Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks 
Westlaw 
Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology 
ONESOURCE 
The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs
CHECKPOINT 
The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals 
All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. 
Site Feedback 
Corrections 
Advertising Guidelines 
Cookies 
Terms of Use 
Privacy Policy