Dick Cheney Thinks Trump's Muslim Ban Is 'Against Everything We Stand For' 
Send Comments &amp; News Tips
Join Prime 
Bookmarks
&#9733;
New To You
Longform 
The Hive 
Sign In 
Forgot password? 
Sign Up 
Sections
All News 
Livewire 
Editor&#x27;s Blog 
TPM DC 
TPM Cafe 
The Slice 
Muckraker 
World News 
Longform 
5 Points 
This Chart 
Idealab 
Podcasts 
Polltracker 
Store 
Published Since 2000
Sorry, this feature is only available to TPM Prime members
Subscribe To Prime 
Already have an account?
Sign In 
Save articles to read later In a hurry? Bookmarks allow you to save an article to read later at your convenience. There isn't a limit, either, so you can store your favorites, too.
More Info &rarr; 
Sorry, this feature is only available to TPM Prime members
Subscribe To Prime 
Already have an account?
Sign In 
Dont ever miss an article again. New To You shows you everything posted since your last visit in a simple, scrollable list.
More Info &rarr; 
TPM 
Livewire
Dick Cheney Thinks Trump's Muslim Ban Is 'Against Everything We Stand For' 
Share
Tweet
Pin-it
Bookmark
Comment
AP Photo / Cliff Owen
By Caitlin Cruz Published December 8, 2015, 7:00 AM EST 
683076
views
Even former Vice President Dick Cheney has denounced Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's plan to ban Muslim immigration in America. 
Cheney, a decisive conservative himself, said Monday on The Hugh Hewitt Show that the ban "goes against everything we stand for and believe in." 
"I think this whole notion that somehow we can just say no more Muslims, just ban a whole religion, goes against everything we stand for and believe in. I mean, religious freedom has been a very important part of our history and where we came from," Cheney said on a Monday appearance on the radio show. "A lot of people, my ancestors got here, because they were Puritans." 
Cheney called Trump's plan a "mistaken notion" and said to solve refugee and immigration problems, the U.S. must examine why they need to leave their countries in the first place. 
"It’s a serious problem to make certain that the people coming in don’t represent ISIS. You’ve got to set up a vetting process," Cheney said. 
Listen to Cheney here . The comments on the ban start at 19:50. 
Like us on Facebook
Comment
Share
Tweet
Pin-it
LiveWire
Fox's Shep Smith Hits Trump On Russia Questions: 'We Have A Right To Know' 
February 16, 2017, 7:05 PM EST 
Fox News host Shepard Smith slammed President Donald Trump on Thursday for "repeating ridiculous&hellip;
Reports: Trump's Pick To Succeed Flynn As NatSec Adviser Turns Down Job 
February 16, 2017, 6:37 PM EST 
Retired Vice Admiral Robert Harward turned down President Donald Trump's offer of the position&hellip;
LePage: Trump Should Stop Treating White House Like A TV Show (AUDIO) 
February 16, 2017, 6:00 PM EST 
Maine Gov. Paul LePage may be an ardent supporter of Donald Trump, but even&hellip;
Cummings: Trump’s Staff Gave Him ‘Incorrect Information’ About Meeting 
February 16, 2017, 5:57 PM EST 
After being accused of pulling out of a meeting with President Donald Trump for&hellip;
WaPo: Flynn Denied To FBI That He Discussed Sanctions With Russia 
February 16, 2017, 5:20 PM EST 
Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn denied in a January interview with the FBI&hellip;
× 
Bookmarking is a TPM Prime feature
Subscribe To Prime 
Already have an account?
Sign In 
Save articles to read later In a hurry? Bookmarks allow you to save an article to read later at your convenience. There isn't a limit, either, so you can store your favorites, too.
More Info &rarr; 
About 
Terms Of Use 
Careers 
Site Status 
Advertise 
Contact 
Editor & Publisher 
Josh Marshall 
Managing Editor 
David Kurtz 
Senior Editor 
Catherine Thompson 
News Editor 
David Taintor 
Reporters 
Tierney Sneed Allegra Kirkland Alice Ollstein 
Newswriters 
Esme Cribb Caitlin Mac Neal Matt Shuham 
Editor-at-Large 
John B. Judis 
Front Page Editor 
Kristin Salaky 
Editorial Fellow 
Annie Rees 
General Manager & General Counsel 
Millet Israeli 
Senior Vice President for Advertising Strategy 
Will Johnson 
Director of Product & Creative Development 
Derick Dirmaier 
Executive Publisher 
Joe Ragazzo 
Account and Project Manager 
Gayatri Surendranathan 
Director of Technology 
Matthew Wozniak 
Developer 
Matthew Fortuna 
Designer 
Christine Frapech 
Publishing Associate 
Jackie Wilhelm 
&copy; 2017 TPM Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.