Charts: John Mayer's Top-Selling 'Wave One' Finishes Second - Rolling Stone 
Follow @RollingStone 
On the Charts: John Mayer's Top-Selling 'Wave One' Finishes Number Two 
News 
Video 
Music 
Politics 
TV 
Movies 
Sports 
Gaming 
RS Country 
More 
News 
Video 
Music 
Politics 
TV 
Movies 
Sports 
Gaming 
RS Country 
Lists 
Culture 
Galleries 
Long Reads 
Interviews 
Artists 
Album Reviews 
Ram Report 
Movie Reviews 
Coverwall 
Live Reviews 
50th Anniversary 
Podcasts 
Subscribe 
Trending 
18 WTF Moments From Trump's Unhinged Press Conference 
How John Fogerty Reunited With Creedence Guitar After 44... 
Super Bowl Halftime Shows Ranked: From Worst to Best 
The Anarchists vs. the Islamic State 
On the Charts: John Mayer's Top-Selling 'Wave One' Finishes Number Two 
The Weeknd's 'Starboy' spends fifth non-consecutive week in top spot thanks to streaming equivalent albums 
John Mayer's 'The Search for Everything: Wave One,' the singer's new EP and precursor to his upcoming LP, debuted at Number Two on the Billboard 200.
Credit: Daniel Zuchnik/WireImage 
By
Daniel Kreps 
January 29, 2017 
More News 
Review: Migos Up Their Game, Take Thrilling Victory Lap on 'Culture' 
Kehlani Talks Pressure-Free, Pop-Friendly Road to 'SweetSexySavage' 
AFI Plot 'AFI (The Blood Album),' Release Two Dramatic Songs 
All Stories 
John Mayer &apos;s The Search for Everything: Wave One , the singer&apos;s new four-song EP and precursor to his upcoming LP The Search for Everything , debuted at Number Two on the Billboard 200.  Related 
John Mayer Details Origin, Inspiration Behind Four New Songs 
Singer-songwriter breaks down "Love on the Weekend," "Changing" "Moving On and Getting Over" and "You're Gonna Live Forever In Me"
Although the digital-only Wave One was the week&apos;s best-selling release &#x2013; of its 49,000 total copies, 38,000 were from &quot;traditional&quot; sales &#x2013; Mayer still had to settle for second place as the Weeknd&apos;s Starboy topped the charts yet again on the strength of huge streaming numbers. In its fifth non-consecutive week at Number One, Starboy sold an additional 56,000 total copies, even though only 20,000 of that sum was generated by &quot;traditional&quot; sales, with the remainder drawn from a flood of SEAs, or streaming equivalent albums. Other than Wave One , only one more new release debuted in the Top 10: AFI &apos;s self-titled LP, dubbed &quot;The Blood Album,&quot; entered at Number Five and 29,000 copies, an improvement over the Number Nine debut of their previous album, 2013&apos;s Burials . La La Land continued to ride the wave of Golden Globe glory and Oscar nominations as its soundtrack finished Number Three for a second straight week, where it was followed by Bruno Mars&apos; 24K Magic (Number Four), the Moana soundtrack (Six) and Post Malone&apos;s Stoney (Seven, up two spots from its Number Nine debut last week). The Hamilton Broadway cast recording, Drake&apos;s Views and J. Cole&apos;s 4 Your Eyez Only occupied Number Eight, Nine and 10, respectively. Next week, Migos&apos; much-anticipated Culture , Brantley Gilbert&apos;s The Devil Don&apos;t Sleep and Kehlani&apos;s SweetSexySavage will become the latest albums attempting to dethrone Starboy . 
More News 
Review: Migos Up Their Game, Take Thrilling Victory Lap on 'Culture' 
Kehlani Talks Pressure-Free, Pop-Friendly Road to 'SweetSexySavage' 
AFI Plot 'AFI (The Blood Album),' Release Two Dramatic Songs 
All Stories 
Topics: 
Charts 
On the Charts 
Don’t Miss a Story 
Sign up for our newsletter to receive breaking news directly in your inbox. 
Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter. 
We may use your e-mail address to send you the newsletter and offers that may interest you, on behalf of Rolling Stone and its partners. For more information please read our Privacy Policy 
How we use your email address 
Trending 
Ranked on a scale from 1 to 10, the trending score reflects the number of users reading a story in real time. 
What is this? 
18 WTF Moments From Trump's Unhinged Press... 
10 
How John Fogerty Reunited With Creedence... 
8.7 
Super Bowl Halftime Shows Ranked: From Worst... 
8.3 
The Anarchists vs. the Islamic State 
7.1 
Hear Grateful Dead's Epic 'Morning Dew' From... 
6.7 
&copy; Rolling Stone 2017 Digital Edition 
Subscribe 
Give a Gift 
Coverwall 
Contact 
Privacy Policy 
Your Privacy Rights 
Your Ad Choices 
Terms of Use 
Customer Service 
Advertise 
Sitemap