EVEN MORE FAKE NEWS: Media Run With Hoax Story About Trump Photoshopping His Own Hand Size | Daily Wire 
Login 
Advertisements Ads 
on off 
Daily Wire 
News 
Podcasts 
Videos 
Search 
Subscribe 
EVEN MORE FAKE NEWS: Media Run With Hoax Story About Trump Photoshopping His Own Hand Size  
By: 
Hank Berrien  
January 27, 2017  
After ABC News aired their interview with President Trump on Wednesday night, Dana Schwartz, a writer for the New York Observer , decided that a photo of Trump's hands from his inauguration that was hanging in the White House had been photoshopped to make his hands look larger. She issued a tweet, later deleted, that read: 
That idea was seized by many eager to mock Trump for his narcissism. A Disney animator tweeted: 
I lined up the Getty Images source file to the White House print. It's a warp deformer, look at the helicopter behind it. pic.twitter.com/kJB2T8U5yh 
— Joaquin Baldwin (@joabaldwin) January 27, 2017 
One problem; the rumor wasn’t true. 
Schwartz claimed that the photo the president displayed didn’t match the original one taken from Getty Images. 
But as The Washington Post pointed out, the interview never showed the photo hanging on the wall. Instead, the original Getty Images photo was inserted into the program. Thus what viewers saw was not a camera shot of a photo on the wall; it was the actual photo. 
OK. So, this “Trump’s hand is Photoshopped” thing is nonsense. 
— Philip Bump (@pbump) January 27, 2017 
First, the ABC segment clearly uses a version of the photo from Getty, not a shot of the photo on the wall. https://t.co/h0JMpVsU1A 
— Philip Bump (@pbump) January 27, 2017 
Second, if you compare ABC shot (in preceding tweet) with image from Getty, below, they’re the same, except color. https://t.co/cbeUwuoNp8 
— Philip Bump (@pbump) January 27, 2017 
The Post noted that there was a Photoshopped version of the ABC still. Andy Baio compared the image that was being shared with the original from ABC News: 
@pbump Made you a present. pic.twitter.com/TM4Bdb1Ogl 
— Andy Baio (@waxpancake) January 27, 2017 
Tags 
Donald Trump  
Share this on  
Next Article  
Recommended for You 
What's your reaction? View Comments  View the discussion thread.  
The Latest 
More Content 
Hotwire 
Podcasts 
The Ben Shapiro Show 
The Andrew Klavan Show 
News 
Podcasts 
Videos 
Search 
Subscribe 
Facebook 
YouTube 
RSS Feed 
&copy; COPYRIGHT 2017, THE DAILY WIRE
PRIVACY POLICY | TERMS OF USE | ADVERTISE WITH US | CONTACT US 
BACK TO TOP 
We're taking a whole new approach. 
Start reading The Daily Wire WITHOUT ADS. 
Try it now. No credit card required. 
E-mail * 
Already a Member?
Login Now 
Leave this field blank 
Internal promotions, recommended content, and ads
that enhance the user experience may still be included on the site. 
Get This eBook FREE! 
In addition to an AD-FREE experience, gain access to our eBook library as a Basic Subscriber to The Daily Wire. 
Try it now. No credit card required. 
E-mail * 
Already a Member?
Login Now 
Leave this field blank