Katie Hopkins on Christian nations &#039;opening arms&#039; to fix &#039;problems of Islam&#039; | UK | News | Express.co.uk 
Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. 
Find us on Facebook 
Follow us on Twitter 
Check us on Google+ 
Subscribe to our rss feed 
Daily Horoscope 
Our Apps 
Top 10 
Our Paper 
Paper Archive 
Weather 
8 &deg; 
London 
HOME 
News 
Showbiz & TV 
Sport 
Comment 
Finance 
Travel 
Entertainment 
Life & Style 
UK 
World 
Politics 
Nature 
Science 
Royal 
Weather 
Weird 
History 
Obituaries 
Sunday 
Scotland 
Home  News  UK  Katie Hopkins: 'Why should Christian countries import the problems of Islam?'   	                                  
Katie Hopkins: 'Why should Christian countries import the problems of Islam?' 
KATIE HOPKINS has said it is not in the interests of the United States to “import the divisions” of the Muslim world, before giving her take on why Christian countries choose to “solve them”. 
By
Ajay Nair 
PUBLISHED: 
00:10, Mon, Jan 30, 2017 
| UPDATED: 07:32, Mon, Jan 30, 2017 
The former Apprentice contestant was speaking in response to radio caller Aman, who phoned her LBC show and condemned Donald Trump &rsquo;s Muslim travel ban. The ban sees citizens from Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen temporarily barred from America along with all refugees. Aman argued that the &ldquo;many divisions&rdquo; in the Muslim world led to refugees fleeing for their lives. But Hopkins responded: &ldquo;If Islam is not in a perfect shape &ndash; I respect your honesty &ndash; and there&rsquo;s divisions between Sunni and Shia and others, why then would America want to import those divisions? &ldquo;Why should America want those divisions on its shores? Why is it always Christian countries that need to import problems to solve them?  LBC•GETTY Katie Hopkins backed Donald Trump's Muslim travel ban 
Related articles 
'Let them in' protest planned in Philippines in anger at Trump 
Dutch Anti-EU leader wants to 'team up' with Brexit and Trump 
Somehow Christian countries are supposed open their arms open their borders and solve the problems of Islam. I’m really being conflicted by trying to understand that   
Katie Hopkins 
&ldquo;When in fact, if I tried to go over to a Muslim country I would be seen as less and required to dress a certain way and have all the problems, the divisions put upon me. &ldquo;But somehow Christian countries are supposed open their arms open their borders and solve the problems of Islam. I&rsquo;m really being conflicted by trying to understand that.&rdquo; The caller admitted he understood the outspoken commentator&rsquo;s point but said he could not help but &ldquo;feel for the people who are living there&rdquo;. Hopkins then said it was Christianity&rsquo;s &ldquo;less oppressive&rdquo; nature, which allowed the West to be in &ldquo;better shape&rdquo;. She said: &ldquo;I feel like the western world is in a better shape because we have Christian religions which seem to be less oppressive in some regards, especially with those who are more extreme in the way they practice them.    
The best photos from Donald Trump's historic inauguration 
Mon, January 23, 2017 
The inauguration of Donald Trump as the 45th President of the United States will mark the commencement of the four-year term of Donald Trump as President and Mike Pence as Vice President. A public ceremony will be held on Friday, January 20, 2017. 
Play slideshow 
AP 
1 of 40 
President Donald Trump waves as he walks with first lady Melania Trump and son Barron during the inauguration parade. 
&ldquo;And I can&rsquo;t help but wonder why Muslims who come over here escaping the problems they have living under their religion don&rsquo;t leave that religion behind as well.&rdquo; Hopkins then claimed Muslims in the UK &ldquo;don&rsquo;t want to integrate&rdquo;. &ldquo;When we did a survey in the UK about the Muslim religion, Muslims said they don&rsquo;t want to integrate with western society,&rdquo; she said. &ldquo;They want to preserve Muslim traditions. I struggle with that of course, because that&rsquo;s something many of them were escaping, that division. &ldquo;That&rsquo;s why i don&rsquo;t see why it&rsquo;s in America&rsquo;s interests to bring the divisions of Islam into the USA.&rdquo; An outpouring of politicians, including Theresa May , have condemned the policy. A petition to block President Trump&rsquo;s state visit has racked up more than 200,000 signatures in the matter of hours after being backed by Jeremy Corbyn and Tim Farron. 
Related articles 
Mo Farah speaks out over Donald Trump’s Muslim ban 
Petition to BAN TRUMP from UK hits 300,000 
Kim Kardashian slams Donald Trump's 'muslim ban' with SHOCK statistics 
Donald Trump 
LBC 
Comments Unavailable 
Sorry, we are unable to accept comments about this article
at the moment. However, you will find some great articles
which you can comment on right now in our
Comment section .
Most read in UK 
1 
Strawberry Fields Forever! Charity to revive site which inspired Beatles classic 
2 
Trump’s aide MOCKS Evan Davis for ‘committing fake news’ in EXPLOSIVE Newsnight clash 
3 
Question Time audience member rips apart 'BIASED BBC' over Scottish referendum coverage 
4 
Ghost hunter 'freaked out after capturing Queen Elizabeth I's spirit on camera' 
5 
BBC IS biased against Brexit - probe finds coverage contains 'STRONG' pro-EU messages 
Question Time audience member rips apart 'BIASED BBC' over Scottish referendum coverage 
Paul Nuttall vows to scrap VAT on FISH AND CHIPS in Ukip party conference speech 
'Voters are FED UP of Labour' Paul Nuttall 'WILL WIN' Stoke by-election says ex-candidate 
'Scots DO NOT want another referendum' David Mundell DESTROYS Sturgeon's Indyref2 dream 
Scottish writer SLAPS DOWN Labour politician’s claims that referendums are ‘divisive’ 
BRIT TOURIST HORROR: Britons rushed to hospital after Norway speedboat crash 
Clean-living families 'spending LESS money on cigarettes, drugs and alcohol' 
Strawberry Fields Forever! Charity to revive site which inspired Beatles classic 
RAIL SHAMBLES: Punctuality drops to WORST level in over a DECADE 
NHS and social care cuts could have caused 30,000 EXCESS DEATHS experts claim 
Small London firms 'could close down' without business rates protection 
Latest videos 
Ashley Graham squeezes her killer curves into figure-hugging leather dress 
Trump warns of 'NUCLEAR HOLOCAUST like no other' if US & Russia do not improve relations 
Love Actually 2: Is Emma Thompson set to appear in Comic Relief special after all? 
Suicide Squad sequel: 'Racist and sexist' Mel Gibson news leaves fans FURIOUS 
Star Wars Last Jedi news: WHO has Darth Vader's lightsaber and HOW will Kylo Ren get it? 
Daily Express       
Muslim father-of-two who renounced Islam 'forced from home with wife and young children' 
Thousands of migrants’ UK driving licences revoked amid fears they’ll work illegally 
'Festival of VIOLENCE' Russian hooligans’ stark WARNING for English World Cup travellers 
BREXIT BOOST: Citigroup chief declares ‘London is our PRIMARY place of business’ 
Footballer pays £200k to 'Elvis' he headbutted in nightclub 
'I'm questioning the independence of our Supreme Court' Farage snaps in clash with caller 
Free trade ‘promises cheap food and goods’ after Brexit, says expert 
Anti-terror officers swoop on Heathrow as man detained over 'terror plans' 
Former Rotary Club chief caught vandalising neighbour's £30k Bentley 
‘Utterly unacceptable’ Hindu fury as Bank of England refuses to pull £5 polymer bank note 
BREXIT BOOST: Justin Trudeau hints at EASY trade deal after CETA signed 
Question Time - Andrew Neil or Jeremy Paxman should replace David Dimbleby, says Galloway 
Doctor who dismissed lewd comments as the 'African way' suspended again 
HEARTBREAKING: Final letter of terminally-ill father thanks his family for his 'adventure' 
Walker fighting for life after slipping and plummeting 100 metres down Lake District peak 
Newborn baby taken from parents after dad praised 'benefits' of formula milk, judge hears 
Labour powerbroker Len McCluskey says Brexit NO EXCUSE to take employment from UK 
Rare Roman coin featuring early depiction of the Colosseum sells for £372,000 
Mother to take school to COURT over the expulsion of her teenage son 
University of Bristol evacuated after student makes explosive used in Paris terror attacks 
‘Hundreds' of foot-long rats force family-of-eight out of infested home 
Brexit PAYBACK: Britain could force EU to hand back share of £130BILLION 
British investors defy Brexit doom prediction as confidence hits HIGHEST mark in a YEAR 
Spring is springing: Farmers picking daffodils while sun shines 
The train not arriving… Rail punctuality drops to worst level in 10 years 
National Trust accused of cashing in on Poldark with parking charges at historic mine 
Teen girl, 15, pleads not guilty to the murder of Katie Rough 
Shocked police discover 11 migrants in lorry after driver spots HAND from M40 
'STILL fighting project fear!' Furious backlash as Europol chief warns of Brexit danger 
'It undermined the rule of law' Supreme Court president condemns attacks on Brexit judges 
Louis Theroux admits he's 'less complacent' since the Brexit vote and is unsure over Trump 
TANKS used against trade unions and communists on the streets of Liverpool in 1919 
Obama aide says Europe must be willing to respond to Russia with force 
'DISGUSTING' pile of rubbish including MATTRESSES dumped in country lane 
Kelsale Hall FIRE: Historic Grade-II listed mansion destroyed by HUGE blaze 
Prisoner extradited from Italy and charged with a murder four years ago 
Bold as brass burglars plunder entire jazz band 
Stoke by-election SABOTAGE: Texts order Muslim voters to vote Labour or go to HELL 
'A LEGEND!' BMW driver blocks speed camera's view with his BOOT to spare drivers 
Ryan Giggs and Gary Neville's multimillion-pound development criticised by watchdog 
Furious Farage hits back after being called 'dangerous' and likened to Hitler 
A FESTIVAL OF VIOLENCE: Russian hooligans prepare to ATTACK England fans at World Cup 2018 
Asamoah Gyan found guilty of having ‘UNETHICAL HAIR’ by Arab football association 
Nigel Farage blames GERMANY for UK air pollution amid fears of a ‘£300million EU fine’ 
Irish PM vows to OPPOSE post-Brexit ‘hard border’ in stern warning to Theresa May 
SEARCH 
CONNECT WITH US 
Find us on Facebook 
Follow us on Twitter 
Check us on Google+ 
Subscribe to our rss feed 
Check our YouTube channel 
TODAY'S PAPER 
Friday, 17th February 2017     
See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper,
order back issues and use the historic Daily Express
newspaper archive.
News 
UK 
World 
Politics 
Nature 
Science 
Royal 
Weather 
Weird 
History 
Obituaries 
Sunday 
Scotland 
UK Politics 
Political Parties 
Politicians 
Constituencies 
EU Referendum 
Sport 
Football 
Transfer news 
UFC 
F1 
Boxing 
Cricket 
Golf 
Tennis 
Rugby Union 
Other 
Racing 
Pics 
Pictures 
Celebrity Galleries 
Royal Galleries 
Sport Galleries 
Vids 
Videos 
Comment 
Express Comment 
Columnists 
Beachcomber 
Finance 
City & Business 
Personal Finance 
Retirement 
The Crusader 
Travel 
Cruise 
Activity Holidays 
Beach Holidays 
Short & City breaks 
Travel News 
Entertainment 
Films 
Gaming 
Theatre 
Books 
Music 
Puzzles 
Puzzles 
Horoscope 
Offers 
Competitions 
Bingo 
Jackpot Millions 
Life & Style 
Health 
Cars 
Garden 
Life 
Food 
Style 
Diets 
Win 
Tech 
Property 
Saturday 
S Mag 
Top 10 Facts 
EXPRESS.CO.UK 
Sitemap 
Site Archive 
Contact Us 
Advertising 
Privacy Policy 
Cookie Policy 
Terms & Conditions 
Design by Netro42 
Syndication and Licensing 
Clarifications and Corrections 
Daily Star 
OK! Magazine 
new! Magazine 
Star Magazine 
Health Lottery 
Northern and Shell 
Copyright ©2017 Express Newspapers.
"Daily Express" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.