Taj Gibson again sidelined with ailing left ankle | Chicago Sun-Times 
Football 
Mike Adamle has taken his share of hits 
Sports 
After further review, Bulls nip Celtics on Butler&#8217;s free throws 
Sports 
Despite injury, illness, Wade leaves his impression on Bulls 
Baseball 
Rizzo doubts Cubs could ever be hated like Yanks, Pats 
Baseball 
Cubs eye growing role for young power reliever Edwards 
Baseball 
Embracing White Sox &#8216;rebuild,&#8217; Shields puts 2016 behind him 
Baseball 
Carlos Rodon set to begin throwing Friday 
Baseball 
White Sox&#8217; Michael Kopech throws heat but doesn&#8217;t know its spark 
Blackhawks 
Mailbag: Who&#8217;s an ideal trade-deadline target for Blackhawks? 
Colleges 
Pick a champ now? Take the team with the highest ceiling — Duke 
38&deg; 
Sports 
Chicago Teams 
Cubs 
Bulls 
Blackhawks 
White Sox 
Bears 
High School Sports 
Sports Home 
News Home 
Politics Home 
Entertainment Home 
Columnists Home 
Lifestyles Home 
Opinion Home 
Autos Home 
Rick Morrissey 
Rick Telander 
Dale Bowman 
Bulls 
Blackhawks 
Bears 
Cubs 
White Sox 
Colleges 
Outdoors 
Fire 
High School 
Sponsored Content 
Sports 
Bulls 
01/29/2017, 07:00pm 
Taj Gibson again sidelined with ailing left ankle 
Joe Cowley 
email 									 
Sign-Up for our Sports Newsletter 
Sign-Up
Bulls big man Taj Gibson hates needles. He isn’t fond of missing games, either. 
So Sunday capped a bad weekend for Gibson. 
After feeling pain in the left ankle he had surgically repaired in June 2015, Gibson received a cortisone shot in the wake of the Bulls’ loss Friday to the Heat. 
There was no structural damage in the ankle, but there would be some collateral damage from the shot itself. It was enough to keep Gibson from playing Sunday against the 76ers.  
‘‘It’s hard,’’ Gibson said. ‘‘You want to help the guys, back your words up. You want to go out there and play the right way. Dwyane [ Wade’s ] been battling injuries. Everyone’s been doing what they have to do to help the team. I’m really disappointed. 
‘‘It hurts because you want to be out there to help the guys any way you can, but you don’t want to hurt the team knowing you could not be playing like yourself.’’ 
It was only the second game Gibson missed this season. His first came Jan. 17 against the Mavericks, also because of soreness in that ankle. 
Rest was all Gibson needed at the time, but team doctors opted to use a shot to calm the inflammation this time around. 
‘‘It was a big needle, man, I’ll tell you that,’’ Gibson said. ‘‘If you would have seen the size of this needle, you would have fainted. I almost fainted.’’ 
Gibson is averaging 11.6 points and 7.1 rebounds this season. The Bulls have two days off before playing Wednesday against the Thunder, and there was no reason to think Gibson wouldn’t be ready for that game. 
With Gibson out, coach Fred Hoiberg decided to start Bobby Portis . It was Portis’ first action since Jan. 20 against the Hawks. 
Windy City Valentine 
First-round pick Denzel Valentine played for the Windy City Bulls on Saturday, going 8-for-14 from three-point range and scoring all of his 24 points from beyond the arc. He shot 8-for-22 overall. 
The Bulls recalled Valentine before their game against the 76ers, but that doesn’t mean his status of being buried on the bench has changed. 
‘‘It was a good experience,’’ Valentine said. ‘‘I got to play, get some confidence, get in shape a little bit. I was a little rusty, obviously, because I hadn’t been playing.’’ 
As far as Valentine’s immediate future, Hoiberg said it remained status quo. 
‘‘Denzel is going to get his opportunities,’’ Hoiberg said. ‘‘He’s had some chances. The unfortunate thing is, with the injuries, he’s been in and out. 
‘‘He was getting into a rhythm, then had an injury [to his ankle] that set him back. He just has to keep himself ready, and he’ll do that. I know that because he works.’’ 
Follow me on Twitter @suntimes_hoops . 
Email: jcowley@suntimes.com 
Previously from Sports 
After further review, Bulls nip Celtics on Butler’s free throws – Chicago Sun-Times 
Greg Maddux pranks Cubs MVP Kris Bryant in batting cage – Chicago Sun-Times 
Despite injury, illness, Wade leaves his impression on Bulls – Chicago Sun-Times 
Mike Adamle has taken his share of hits 
# bulls 
Taj Gibson 
Chicago 
Stories from around the web you may like 					 
Currently Trending 
dear abby 
Dear Abby: Kids&#039; heroin habits break mom&#039;s heart 
chicago 
After decades on Division Street, Outlaws biker clubhouse sold 
chicago news 
Chicago Sun-Times: Chicago news, sports, politics, entertainment 
chicago 
Obama back in Chicago for first time as former president 
chicago news 
Trump’s latest national security pick turns down offer – Chicago Sun-Times 
CAPTION 
Post to 
Cancel