Donald Trump's arbitrary, cruel ban on refugees from Muslim countries sets a chilling precedent | The Independent 
News Election 2016 
Americas 
UK 
World 
Europe 
Business 
Voices Comment 
Robert Fisk 
Mark Steel 
Grace Dent 
Holly Baxter 
Campaigns 
Editorials 
Letters 
Sports US sports 
Soccer 
Tennis 
Boxing 
Formula 1 
WWE 
Culture Film 
TV 
Music 
Books 
Lifestyle Fashion 
Food + drink 
Travel 
Health + families 
Love + sex 
Tech Gaming 
Tech culture 
Tech news 
US election 
Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial 
Read Now 
UK Edition 
US Edition 
Sign in 
Register 
Subscriptions 
News Election 2016 
World 
US 
UK 
Europe 
People 
Science 
Health 
Business 
Voices Comment 
Robert Fisk 
Mark Steel 
Grace Dent 
Holly Baxter 
Campaigns 
Editorials 
Letters 
Sports US sports 
Soccer 
Cricket 
Tennis 
Boxing 
Formula 1 
Culture Books 
Film 
TV 
Music 
Art 
Theatre &amp; Dance 
Comedy 
Lifestyle Food &amp; drink 
Health &amp; families 
Love &amp; sex 
Motoring 
Student 
Travel 
Fashion 
Tech Gaming 
Tech culture 
Tech news 
Video Explainer videos 
News videos 
People &amp; culture videos 
Sport videos 
IndyBest Fashion &amp; Beauty 
Homes &amp; Design 
Food &amp; Drink 
Gadgets &amp; Tech 
Outdoor &amp; Activity 
Arts &amp; Books 
Travel 
Money Health insurance 
Investments 
Extras The Independent Books 
Puzzles 
indy100 
Apps 
Ebooks 
iJobs 
Dating 
Follow us: 
We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. 
Voices  
Donald Trump&#039;s arbitrary, cruel ban on refugees from Muslim countries sets a chilling precedent 
This self-serving move may only be the beginning from the new President. If he can stop refugees from coming in, who's to say he won't also kick them out – or worse? 
Robert Fisk 
@indyvoices 
Saturday 28 January 2017 15:28 GMT 
Click to follow The Independent Online 
Donald Trump signed an executive order banning refugees and travelers from seven Muslim countries Getty  
So Donald Trump is going to  f**k them all . No excuses for such filthy words today. I’m only quoting the man whose Pentagon offices he just used to disgrace himself – and America. For it was Secretary of  Defence James ‘Mad Dog’ Mattis who told Iraqis in 2003 that he came “in peace’ – he even urged his Marines to be compassionate – but said of those who might dare to resist America’s illegal invasion of their country: "If you f**k with me, I’ll kill you all.” 
There’s no getting round it. Call it Nazi, Fascist, racist, vicious, illiberal, immoral, cruel. More dangerously, what Trump has done is a wicked precedent. If you can stop them coming, you can chuck them out. If you can demand "extreme vetting" of Muslims from seven countries, you can also demand a "values test" for those Muslims who have already made it to the USA. Those on visas. Those with residency only. Those – if they are American citizens – with dual citizenship. Or full US citizens of Muslim origin. Or just Americans who are Muslims. Or Hispanics. Or Jews? Refugees one day. Citizens the next. Then refugees again.  
No, of course, Trump would never visit such obscene tests on Jewish immigrants – for they would be obscene, would they not? -- and nor will he stop Christians from Muslim countries. America has always condemned sectarian states, but now Trump declares that he approves of sectarianism. Minorities will be welcome – the Alawites of Syria, to whom Bashar al-Assad belongs, will presumably not count, and I guess we can expect all US embassies to have three queues for visa applicants. One for Muslims, one for Christians, and a third marked ‘Other’. That’s where most of us will be standing in line. And by doing so, we will automatically give approval to this iniquitous system – and to Trump. 
Video shows poor standard of living for refugees in France 
There’s no point in wasting time over the obvious: that America has bombed, directly or indirectly, five of the seven nations on Trump’s banned list. Sudan just escapes, but the US blew a packed Iranian passenger airliner out of the sky in 1988 and has raised no objections to Israel’s bombing of Iranian personnel in Syria. So that makes six. There’s nothing to be gained by reiterating that the four countries whose citizens participated in the international crimes against humanity of 9/11 – Saudi Arabia, Egypt, the Emirates and Lebanon – do not feature on the list. For the Saudis must be loved, cosseted, fawned over, approved, even when they chop off heads and when their citizens funnel cash to the murderers of Isis. Egypt is ruled by Trump’s “fantastic guy” anti-‘terrorist’ president al-Sisi. The glisteningly wealthy Emirates won’t be touched. Nor will Lebanon, although its tens of thousands of dual-national Syrians may have a tough time in the future.  
Read more 
Watching May cosy up to Trump is enraging when you're a British Muslim 
But no, this vile piece of legislation is not aimed at nations. It’s targeting refugees, the poor, the huddled masses yearning to breathe free. The Muslim ones, that is, not the Christians. How can they ever withstand a "values test"? And what are America’s "values" anyway? It’s OK to attack sovereign states. It’s OK to use pilotless planes to assault men and women in other countries. It’s OK if your allies steal land from others for their own people, if you support Arab dictatorships that emasculate and execute and rape their prisoners, as long as they are "allies" of the USA. It’s OK to fast-track Saudi visas – as the Brits have been doing for years – even if they are members of the most inspirational Wahhabi cult in the world: membership includes the Taliban, al-Qaeda, Isis, you name it. 
There’s even no value in touting our own participation in this charade. Having just patted the killer governments of the Gulf on the head – and heading off to do the same to Turkey’s autocrat-in-chief – our poodlet prime minister, fresh out of Washington, hasn’t uttered a word about Trump’s wickedness. Wasn’t it Britain – and America, for heaven’s sake – that was weeping copious tears, buckets of the stuff, for the 250,000 (or 90,000) Muslim refugees of eastern Aleppo a couple of months ago? And now, so much do we care for them, that they are being well and truly f****d. 
Refugees welcome here: Protesters demand UK resettle more migrants in response to refugee crisis 
7 
show all 
Refugees welcome here: Protesters demand UK resettle more migrants in response to refugee crisis 
1/7 
The Solidarity With Refugees group said Saturday’s protest aimed to “show our Government and the world that Britain is ready to welcome more refugees”. 
Rex Features 
2/7 
People march through central London as they take part in a protest rally organised by Solidarity with Refugees in a bid to urge the Government to take more action on the migrant crisis 
Press Association 
3/7 
The protest comes days before world leaders meet to discuss crisis at UN General Assembly 
Press Association 
4/7 
Demonstrators made their way from Park Lane to Parliament Square in London on Saturday afternoon 
Press Association 
5/7 
Marchers chanted “refugees are welcome here” and waved banners reading “no-one is illegal” and “let’s help people” 
Press Association 
6/7 
The march was supported by charities and groups including the Red Cross, Asylum Aid, Save the Children, Hope Not Hate, Oxfam and the UN Refugee Agency 
Rex Features 
7/7 
In the wake of Alan’s death, David Cameron pledged to resettle 20,000 Syrian refugees in the UK over the coming five years but there have been additional calls to re-home those who have already reached Europe, as well as asylum seekers coming from other conflict zones such as Iraq and Afghanistan 
Rex Features 
They were almost all Muslims in eastern Aleppo, by the way. The Christians of Syria have, through no fault of their own, sought protection from Bashar. And what message did the Christian priests of northern Syria give when I interviewed them? They did not want their people to leave for the West, they said. Hard though it was, Christians should stay in the lands of their faith, the Middle East. In the West, they would merely be lost in a secular world. Trump is going to make sure they are. 
Read more 
Full text of Donald Trump's executive order banning refugees 
Thus America is henceforth going to "protect" itself from "radical Islamic extremists" – "Islamic" note, not "Islamist" – and we’ll all be able to follow him. Is non-EU Britain not going to be able to march along the same awful path? If America is our economic lifeline, will it not also be our moral lifeline for the political buffoons of the United Kingdom? Sure, it’s a long time since World War Two. But then, what did the US do before – or after – Hitler’s evil? It prevented Jewish refugees from coming to America. Yes, even Anne Frank. And now they’re at it again. 
More about:
Donald Trump 
Refugees 
US Politics 
Reuse content 
Most Popular 
Video 
Sponsored Features 
Follow us: 
User Policies 
Privacy Policy 
Cookie Policy 
Code of Conduct 
Complaint Form 
Contact Us 
Contributors 
All Topics 
Archive 
Newsletters 
Jobs 
Subscriptions 
Advertising Guide 
Syndication 
Evening Standard 
Novaya Gazeta 
Install our Apps 
Close 
We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. 
Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. 
Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. 
Thank you for your support. 
How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk 
Adblock / Adblock Plus 
Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. 
On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". 
On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk ". 
Firefox Tracking Protection 
If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. 
Ghostery 
Click the Ghostery icon. 
In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". 
In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. 
In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". 
Click "reload the page to see your changes". 
uBlock 
Click the uBlock icon. 
Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. 
Then reload the page. 
Close 
Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk   
Continue to our site