
Trump's Muslim ban is a dangerous distraction | | Al Jazeera      
Created with Sketch.        Watch Live 
Now Playing 
Watch 
Listen 
TV Schedule 
Live 
submit 
al jazeera 
menu 
submit 
News More 
Middle East 
Africa 
Asia 
US &amp; Canada 
Latin America 
Europe 
Asia Pacific 
Middle East 
Documentaries More 
Featured Documentaries 
Witness 
Al Jazeera World 
101 East 
People &amp; Power 
Fault Lines 
Rebel Education 
Latin America Investigates 
REWIND 
All 
Shows More 
Inside Story 
The Stream 
The Listening Post 
Talk to Al Jazeera 
Counting the Cost 
UpFront 
earthrise 
Empire 
The Big Picture 
All 
Investigations 
Opinion 
More More 
Features 
In Pictures 
Interactive 
Interactive Documentaries 
AJ Shorts 
Reporter's Notebook 
Podcasts 
Human Rights 
Sport 
Science &amp; Technology 
Weather 
Now: 
Pakistan 
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 
Donald Trump 
Iraq 
Rodrigo Duterte 
Most Searched 
Opinion Muslim Ban Trump's Muslim ban is a dangerous distraction 
Donald Trump's executive orders are smoke and mirrors to distract his supporters from the promises he won't be keeping. 
29 Jan 2017 13:26 GMT | US &amp; Canada , Muslim Ban , Islamophobia , United States , Donald Trump 
Trump got support for his unlikely candidacy by fomenting the already seething tide of anti-Muslim racism in the US, writes Abdul Khabeer [Olivier Douliery/EPA]  By 
Suad Abdul Khabeer 
@DrSuad 
Suad Abdul Khabeer is an assistant professor of Anthropology and African American Studies at Purdue University. On January 27, US President Donald Trump signed an executive order to make good on his promised Muslim Ban . One of the primary provisions of the order is a ban on visas to the US to nationals from seven countries: Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen, which are all Muslim-majority nations. 
There is something peculiar about this list. The draft of the executive order begins by citing 9/11 as a failure of the "visa-issuance process". It blames the state department for preventing "counselor officers from properly scrutinizing the visa applications of several of the 19 foreign nationals who went on to murder 3000 Americans." 
The overwhelming majority of those individuals were from Saudi Arabia, yet, Saudi Arabia is not on the list. Furthermore, when it comes to "homegrown terrorism" of all the Muslims accused, charged, convicted and killed, some of them are from these seven countries in Trump's list and some are not, some are immigrants and some are American citizens, and a number of them have been entrapped by federal law-enforcement agencies. This either means that the list needs to be much longer or there is something more than national security concerns at play. 
WATCH:   Is Donald Trump's agenda symbolic? (2:29) 
The Muslim 'bogeyman' 
Trump promised a "Muslim Ban" as part of his election strategy. He got support for his unlikely candidacy by fomenting the already seething tide of anti-Muslim racism in the US. The way anti-Muslim racism works is that Islam and Muslims are a bogeyman, hated and feared because of how they are "different", i.e. by how they look and what they do. Muslims are bogeymen not solely because some Muslims are guilty of violent acts against Americans.  
As was  reported not too long after white supremacist Dylann Roof killed nine black Americans in Charleston, white Americans cause the largest numbers of American deaths by terrorist acts on US soil. Yet unsurprisingly, Trump has not signed any executive orders specifically targeting white Americans. This is because Islam and Muslims have been "othered" - made to be seen as distinctly and most despicably bad and evil in the popular imagination. 
Violence against women, honour killings in particular, is cited two times in the draft as something from which the US government is obliged to protect Americans. This specific practice of violence against women has been sutured to Arabs and Muslims in popular conversation. It builds on a broader narrative that Muslim women are oppressed by the men in their lives, their families and the religion they follow, and they need saving - by the US. 
OPINION: The Muslim as a 'Manchurian candidate' 
Recall, Laura Bush's  call to support the invasion of Afghanistan to save Muslim women. By explicitly including honour killings, Trump is basically telling his supporters "I told you I'd do something about this bogeyman and look, I am." And this something is doubly significant for people who believe we need to "make America great again", because it is not only standing against the evils of "Islamic extremism", but it is allegedly standing up for democracy and freedom. 
It feeds into an idea that violence against women is a particularly Muslim thing, due to their backwards culture. Yet in the US,  every minute nearly 20 people , the majority of whom women, are victims of intimate partner abuse. However, Trump is not ramping up protections for violence against women here at home. 
In fact, while he is marking himself the anti-honour killings crusader abroad, he is cutting funding for the Office on Violence Against Women. This means cuts to programmes around the country that try to prevent domestic violence and provide services, like  transitional housing and legal aid - services that would surely be of benefit to the white and working-class women among Trump's supporters. 
Smoke and mirrors 
Trump also promised jobs and to that end, he signed an executive order to push forward the Dakota Access Pipeline. But of all the jobs he promises, only about  40 will be permanent , which is peculiar considering Trump supporters presumably want permanent work. 
He also promised to protect Americans from the scourge of illegal immigration by building a wall. He signed that executive order this week and missing from much of that fanfare is the small detail that  taxpayers, and not Mexico , will be footing part of the bill. 
And while there has yet to be an executive order, Trump's r ecent declaration that he would  send the "feds" to Chicago to stop what he called "American carnage" at his inauguration, only thinly veils the real objective: militarisation on the home front. And while that will initially target those living in the 'scary' inner cities, it will ultimately compromise the liberty his supporters hold so dear. 
OPINION: Sexual assault in the time of Trump 
So, what is at play here? Trump is continuing what he started on the campaign trail. He is tapping into the fear that breeds the kind of xenophobia that gets folks excited about walls and bans, only to distract them from all the promises he won't be keeping. 
In this way, these moves are a bunch of smoke and mirrors, for which Trump has become pretty famous. However, that doesn't mean these distractions aren't dangerous. Indeed, they are. They are a danger to the communities of colour they target. Likewise, they are dangerous for Trump supporters who will find that even with bans and walls, they will still be left behind. 
Suad Abdul Khabeer is an assistant professor of Anthropology and African American Studies at Purdue University, founder and editor of sapelosquare.com and the author of Muslim Cool: Race, Religion and Hip Hop in the United States. 
The views expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera's editorial policy.   
Content on this website is for general information purposes only. Your comments
are provided by your own free will and you take sole responsibility for any direct
or indirect liability. You hereby provide us with an irrevocable, unlimited, and
global license for no consideration to use, reuse, delete or publish comments, in
accordance with Community Rules &amp; Guidelines and Terms and Conditions .
MORE FROM AL JAZEERA  
The Muslim Brotherhood and Trump's terror list 
Outlawing the Brotherhood reflects a total failure to understand the historical complexities of the group's evolution. 
Middle East , Egypt , Muslim Brotherhood 
Muslim ban: Japanese and Muslim Americans join forces 
Japanese Americans remember discrimination they endured during WWII and say they will defend Muslim Americans. 
United States , Muslim Ban , Donald Trump 
Is Trump leading the US on a warpath with Iran? 
Washington and Tehran dial up war of words as risk of another military action in the Middle East rises. 
Iran , Donald Trump , Middle East 
The Making and Breaking of Europe - Interactive 
The Big Picture explores the interwoven history of the European project and the far right in postwar Europe. 
Politics , Europe 
Related  
US judge blocks deportations under Trump's Muslim ban 
Ruling temporarily ends detention of travellers with valid visas and prohibits their removal from the US. 
Donald Trump , Muslim Ban , United States , US &amp; Canada 
#DeleteUber: Users angry at Trump Muslim ban scrap app 
Uber provided rides at JFK airport while taxi drivers held solidarity strike over Trump's ban on Muslim travellers. 
Donald Trump , Muslim Ban , Refugees , Business &amp; Economy 
Trending 
Pakistan reels from deadliest attack since 2014 
Why are some black Africans considered white Americans? 
Samsung heir arrested over bribery allegations 
Philippine Catholic church abusers rarely prosecuted 
Fighting intensifies in Syria's Deraa 
Al Bab: Russia-Turkey understanding on Euphrates Shield 
What happens to global support for two-state solution? 
Air raid on Yemen funeral 'kills at least nine women' 
Tropical Storm Dineo hits Mozambique 
Suicide attack targets government officials in Peshawar 
MUST-SEE PROGRAMMES Witness  The Auction House: A tale of two brothers Two brothers fight to save their family business, the oldest auction house in India, a piece of Kolkata's heritage. Arts &amp; Culture , India , United Kingdom  Featured Documentaries  The Boy who started the Syrian War We tell the story of Mouawiya Syasneh, the boy whose anti-Assad graffiti lit the spark that engulfed Syria. War &amp; Conflict , Syria's Civil War  Featured Documentaries  Canada's Dark Secret The story of Canada's residential school system and the indigenous survivors who bear witness to its abuses. Human Rights , Canada , Politics  People & Power  The War the World Forgot People and Power investigates the forgotten war taking place on the borders between North and South Sudan. South Sudan , Sudan , Omar Bashir    
News 
Programmes 
Opinion 
About 
Investigations 
Contact Us 
Video 
Facebook 
Twitter 
Google+ 
RSS 
Podcast 
YouTube 
SnapChat 
© 2016 Al Jazeera Media Network 
About 
About Us 
Press Office 
Awards 
Code of Ethics 
Terms and Conditions 
Community Guidelines 
Work for us 
Connect 
Contact Us 
Apps 
Social 
Channel Finder 
TV Schedule 
Podcasts 
Newsletter 
Our Channels 
AJ+ 
Al Jazeera Arabic 
Al Jazeera Balkans 
Al Jazeera Turk 
Al Jazeera Mubasher 
Al Jazeera Documentary 
Our Network 
Al Jazeera Centre for Public Liberties &amp; Human Rights 
Al Jazeera Centre for Studies 
Al Jazeera Forum 
Al Jazeera Media Training &amp; Development Centre 
Al Jazeera Film Festival 
Al Jazeera Learning 
Al Jazeera Hotel Partners 
© 2017 Al Jazeera Media Network