Girl Likes Music 
Skip to content 
The Hard Times 
Punk News Comin&#039; Your Way! 
Main navigation 
Menu 
Home 
Hard Style 
Gut Check 
Podcast 
Advertise 
Store 
Shows 
About 
March 29, 2016  
Music , News 
Girl Likes Music 
SHARES 
Tweet on Twitter 
Share on Facebook 
C HICAGO &#8211; Shocking, unconfirmed reports are coming out of Chicago’s underground music scene tonight that Stephanie Cales, a girl, does in fact like music. 
According to multiple members of the local scene, Cales, a human woman, genuinely enjoys both the recorded and live-performance varieties of music &#8212; and sometimes even creates it herself . 
“This should be a great show tonight,” Cales said, smiling excitedly as she unloaded her gear into a basement where her boyfriend wasn’t waiting. “Really stoked. See you in the pit.” 
Knowing she must be uncomfortable, Mark James, frontman of local hardcore band Ironsides, offered a helping hand. 
“I asked her if she needed help loading in all that heavy gear for her boyfriend’s band and she just glared at me,” James said, just before posing for a crew shot. “I was just trying to be a nice guy… would it kill her to smile?” 
Male members of the local scene have become distraught with the newest discovery. Not only is Cales physically able to load in her own gear with basic human strength, but she has also proved to have deep knowledge of the music she claims to enjoy. 
Related: 
Polyamorous Guy Who Brought Ukulele to Party Explains Feminism to Young Women 
Tall Guy Finds Perfect Woman to Stand in Front of at Show 
We Asked 7 People Who Aren&#8217;t Women How To Get More Women Involved in Punk 
“My girlfriend stayed home so I asked Stephanie to hold my jacket while I moshed,” James said with perplexity dripping from his voice. “And out of nowhere she strikes up a conversation about this obscure Italian oi band from the ’80s I don’t even like but have a patch of on my jacket. She started rattling off the whole discography and even asked me which demo recording I liked better.” 
“What is she even doing here?” he added after working up a sweat by displaying his dominance with a crowd kill to the back of the room. “Socialite.” 
Reports have already shown an increasing amount of female women actively participating in music without ulterior motives. By early 2020, these same reports predict not a single girl person will be left to stand around to smell nice and be subjected to unwanted, embarrassing sexual advances. 
Article by Bryanna Bennett @TERRORSHOELACES .  
Like us on   Facebook   and keep up with all the latest Hard Times news. 
Share this:  Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)  Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)  Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)  Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)  Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)   Comments 
Related 
Posted in Music , News and tagged feminism , gender , girl , hardcore , music , not just boys fun , punk , woman . Bookmark the permalink .	 
Search for: 
Punk News Comin&#8217; to Your Facebook 		 
Punk News Comin&#8217; to Your Facebook 
Our Best Shit 
Creepy: We Explored 5 Abandoned Facebook Band Pages							 
How a DIY Asymmetrical Haircut Helped Me Eliminate My White Privilege							 
Whitehouse.gov to Build Paywall							 
Tattooed CVS Clerk Decidedly Not Punk About Return Policy							 
Office Worker Subverts System by Wearing Vans in Cubicle							 
Alex Jones Is Insane but Damn His Supplements Are Really Working for Me							 
Experts Predict Planet Will Run Out of Usable Band Names by 2019							 
Touring Band Creates Think Tank to Figure out How Host&#039;s Shower Works							 
New Red Hot Chili Peppers Single Just California’s Wikipedia Page Set to Music							 
Season 3 of Serial to Identify the Three Other Members of Fugazi							 
STAY UP TO DATE, PUNK 		 
Whitehouse.gov to Build Paywall 
Creepy: We Explored 5 Abandoned Facebook Band Pages 
Tattooed CVS Clerk Decidedly Not Punk About Return Policy 
Alex Jones Is Insane but Damn His Supplements Are Really Working for Me 
Frontman Playing Valentine&#8217;s Day Show Surprises Girlfriend with Drink Ticket 
If Transparency Is So Great Why Did This Outfit Get Me Sent Home From Work? 
Mark Hoppus Unloads Matt Skiba from Equipment Truck 
5 Problematic Couches That Made Me Feel Uncomfortable 
Experts Predict Planet Will Run Out of Usable Band Names by 2019 
Where Are They Now? The Dudes I Came Here With 
Friend’s Story Remastered, Reissued with Higher Levels of Bullshit 
How a DIY Asymmetrical Haircut Helped Me Eliminate My White Privilege 
Exclusive: Photos of Daft Punk UNMASKED Then RE-MASKED With Slipknot Masks 
Woman Hopes There’s Some Guys at the Show Tonight 
The Five Stages of Accepting Your T-Shirt Size 
MORE SHIT  Facebook 
Twitter 
Podcast 
About 
Shows 
Advertise 
Hard Style 
wallpaper-test 
Social  View The Hard Times&#8217;s profile on Facebook  View RealPunkNews&#8217;s profile on Twitter  View TheHardTimesNews&#8217;s profile on Instagram  			 Follow @REALpunknews 
Proudly powered by WordPress 
| 
Theme: Hive by PixelGrade .			 
Home About 
Privacy Policy 
Advertise 
Shows 
Contact 
Secondary navigation 
Post navigation 
Local Man’s Excessive Enamel Pin Collection Leading Cause of Knee Pain, Coolness  Negligent Father Instilling Strict DIY Values In Newborn Son  				 
Send to Email Address 
Your Name 
Your Email Address 
Cancel 
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			 
Email check failed, please try again			 
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.