Millsap, Hawks outlast Anthony, Knicks 142-139 in 4 OTs - San Antonio Express-News 
Subscribe 
Sign In 
Register 
Home 
Subscribe 
Buy E-N Merchandise 
Contact Us 
About Us 
Advertise With Us 
Subscriber Services 
Place a Classified Ad 
Privacy Policy 
Site Terms of Use 
Newsletters & Text Alerts 
Find a Business in S.A. 
News Archives 
Premieres, new programs ahead for The Playhouse San Antonio 
Accused San Antonio man is his own lawyer — but doesn’t 
Man killed in Tuesday collision identified 
Attorney General’s office seeks San Antonio records in general 
Local 
S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo 
News by Neighborhood 
Texas 
Obituaries 
Traffic 
Weather 
Lake and River Levels 
S.A. History 
Guide to San Antonio 
San Antonio Charity 
Breaking News Video 
Classified Marketplace 
Driver killed in possible street-racing accident identified 
Accused San Antonio man is his own lawyer — but doesn’t 
Man killed in Tuesday collision identified 
Attorney General’s office seeks San Antonio records in general 
US & World 
Breaking News Anywhere 
Border & Mexico 
US 
World 
Health Care 
Politics 
Military 
Track Flights 
Strange News 
Newark cardinal joins lobbyists on trip to Washington 
Despite charges, Brazil's Lula eyes another run 
Munich conference brings hope for clarity on US priorities 
US gov't: Arrested Seattle 'dreamer' admitted gang ties 
Business 
Local 
Eagle Ford & Energy 
National & International 
Automotive News 
Top Workplaces in S.A. 
Technology 
Business Features 
Finance Features 
Business Careers 
Tech Features 
Press Releases 
New Braunfels’ Rush Enterprises meets Wall Street estimates 
San Antonio home prices kept rising in January 
Computer hackers steal San Antonio Symphony employee data 
USAA Real Estate takes $33.9M mortgage for La Cantera apartments 
Sports 
San Antonio Spurs 
Sports Nation 
S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo 
NBA 
NFL 
MLB 
Soccer 
Colleges 
College Football 
College Basketball 
High School Scores 
High Schools 
Steele promotes Saenz to head football coach 
Basketball: Thursday&#8217;s high school results 
Football: Steele promotes Saenz to head coach 
Hot-shooting Rice duo blisters Roadrunners during wild 
Food 
Restaurants 
Food Voted Best in S.A. 
Recipes & Cooking 
Bars & Drinks 
Snacks and Entertaining 
Guide to Food in S.A. 
Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate 
Turn out the lights — Lüke on the River Walk is closing 
Restaurant review: Bite blurs line between bistro and bar 
S.A. scores 2 James Beard nominations 
365 Days of Tacos: Week 6 roundup 
Entertainment 
What S.A. is Watching 
Things To Do 
Fiesta 2017 
Rodeo 2017 
Celebrity Buzz 
Comics 
Puzzles 
Horoscope 
Movies & TV 
Music & Stage 
Arts & Culture 
Guide to San Antonio 
Readers' Choice 
Photos at S.A. Parties 
'On the Road Again' — Willie is back 
Premieres, new programs ahead for The Playhouse San Antonio 
San Antonio reality TV show announces host and premiere 
Meet the S.A. 'chola' with hundreds of thousands of fans online 
Lifestyle 
Wedding Announcements 
Bridal Ideas 
Travel & Outdoors 
Destinations 
Health & Family 
Senior Living 
Home & Garden 
Holidays 
Trends & Style 
Beauty and Fashion Tips 
Better Living Tips 
Parenting 
Pets 
Green Living 
Meet the S.A. firm cooking up cutting-edge restaurant design 
Houston rips off San Antonio's rip off of Austin's 'I love you so 
Photos: Chip and Joanna Gaines tour the Alamo, Hotel Emma while 
Medicaid block grants could hurt seniors 
Opinion 
Editorials 
Commentary 
Letters to the Editor 
Columnists 
Third & Ave. E 
Editorial Cartoons 
Josh Brodesky 
Robert Seltzer 
O. Ricardo Pimentel 
Bruce Davidson 
Maria Anglin 
Gloria Padilla 
Extreme vetting? Not for Trump nominees, apparently 
Immigration — new management, same old story 
Your Turn: Feb. 17 
R.I.P voter ID — we should all be hoping 
Cars 
Car Tips and Help 
News & Reviews 
Vehicle Search 
Car Features 
Latest Car Reviews 
Western-themed high-end 1794 Edition makes Tundra the ultimate 
Nissan rolls out a new Titan half-ton pickup with V-8 power and 
Volkswagen will show ‘Weekend Edition’ of its new 2018 Atlas 
Jobs 
Salary Wizard 
Top Workplaces 
Career Features 
'Day Without Immigrants': Protest closes restaurants in US 
Trump's contempt for trade deals spurs anxiety: What's next? 
GOP leaders unveil new health law outline, divisions remain 
Homes 
Home Search 
Apartment Search 
Land 
Rentals 
Open Houses 
New Homes Search 
Hill Country Living 
New Construction 
Real Estate Tips 
Home Yard Tips 
Home DIY 
Home Decorating 
Open houses in the San Antonio area this weekend 
San Antonio homes for rent 
Luxury Home Gallery 
Sitterle New Homes 
ExpressNews.com 
Menu Sections 
http://www.mysanantonio.com/sports/article/Millsap-Hawks-outlast-Anthony-Knicks-142-139-in-10892730.php 
Millsap, Hawks outlast Anthony, Knicks 142-139 in 4 OTs 
Charles Odum, Ap Sports Writer 
Updated 1:07 am, Monday, January 30, 2017
Photo: Todd Kirkland, AP
Image 1 of / 12 
Caption Close 
Image 1 of 12 
Atlanta Hawks forward Paul Millsap (4) reacts with forward Mike Muscala (31) and forward Kent Bazemore (24) in the fourth overtime of an NBA basketball game against the New York Knicks on Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Atlanta. The Hawks won the game in the fourth overtime 142-139. less 
Atlanta Hawks forward Paul Millsap (4) reacts with forward Mike Muscala (31) and forward Kent Bazemore (24) in the fourth overtime of an NBA basketball game against the New York Knicks on Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, ... more 
Photo: Todd Kirkland, AP
Image 2 of 12 
Atlanta Hawks forward Paul Millsap (4) dunks in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the New York Knicks on Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Atlanta. 
Atlanta Hawks forward Paul Millsap (4) dunks in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the New York Knicks on Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Atlanta. 
Photo: Todd Kirkland, AP
Image 3 of 12 
New York Knicks forward Carmelo Anthony (7) reacts after scoring a 3 pointer in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Atlanta Hawks on Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Atlanta. 
New York Knicks forward Carmelo Anthony (7) reacts after scoring a 3 pointer in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Atlanta Hawks on Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Atlanta. 
Photo: Todd Kirkland, AP
Image 4 of 12 
New York Knicks guard Courtney Lee (5) shoots a three-point basket to tie the game in the second overtime of an NBA basketball game against the Atlanta Hawks, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Atlanta. 
New York Knicks guard Courtney Lee (5) shoots a three-point basket to tie the game in the second overtime of an NBA basketball game against the Atlanta Hawks, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Atlanta. 
Photo: Todd Kirkland, AP
Image 5 of 12 
Atlanta Hawks guard Dennis Schroder (17) reacts with guard Tim Hardaway Jr. as they take the lead late in the second overtime of an NBA basketball game against the New York Knicks, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Atlanta. less 
Atlanta Hawks guard Dennis Schroder (17) reacts with guard Tim Hardaway Jr. as they take the lead late in the second overtime of an NBA basketball game against the New York Knicks, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in ... more 
Photo: Todd Kirkland, AP
Image 6 of 12 
Atlanta Hawks center Dwight Howard (8) drives to the basket as New York Knicks center Kyle O'Quinn (9) defends in the first half of an NBA basketball game on Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Atlanta. 
Atlanta Hawks center Dwight Howard (8) drives to the basket as New York Knicks center Kyle O'Quinn (9) defends in the first half of an NBA basketball game on Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Atlanta. 
Photo: Todd Kirkland, AP
Image 7 of 12 
Atlanta Hawks guard Dennis Schroder (17) drives to the basket as he is defended by New York Knicks forward Carmelo Anthony (7) in the first half of an NBA basketball game on Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Atlanta. 
Atlanta Hawks guard Dennis Schroder (17) drives to the basket as he is defended by New York Knicks forward Carmelo Anthony (7) in the first half of an NBA basketball game on Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Atlanta. 
Photo: Todd Kirkland, AP
Image 8 of 12 
New York Knicks head coach Jeff Hornacek reacts in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Atlanta Hawks on Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Atlanta. 
New York Knicks head coach Jeff Hornacek reacts in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Atlanta Hawks on Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Atlanta. 
Photo: Todd Kirkland, AP
Image 9 of 12 
Atlanta Hawks guard Dennis Schroder (17) passes behind the back of New York Knicks center Kyle O'Quinn (9) in the first half of an NBA basketball game on Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Atlanta. 
Atlanta Hawks guard Dennis Schroder (17) passes behind the back of New York Knicks center Kyle O'Quinn (9) in the first half of an NBA basketball game on Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Atlanta. 
Photo: Todd Kirkland, AP
Image 10 of 12 
Atlanta Hawks guard Dennis Schroder (17) drives to the basket in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the New York Knicks on Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Atlanta. 
Atlanta Hawks guard Dennis Schroder (17) drives to the basket in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the New York Knicks on Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Atlanta. 
Photo: Todd Kirkland, AP
Image 11 of 12 
Atlanta Hawks guard Tim Hardaway Jr. (10) dunks in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the New York Knicks on Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Atlanta. 
Atlanta Hawks guard Tim Hardaway Jr. (10) dunks in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the New York Knicks on Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Atlanta. 
Photo: Todd Kirkland, AP
Image 12 of 12 
Millsap, Hawks outlast Anthony, Knicks 142-139 in 4 OTs 
1 / 12 
Back to Gallery 
ATLANTA (AP) &mdash; Paul Millsap made the decisive basket in a four-overtime game that lasted almost four hours and proclaimed it to be great fun that he never wants to experience again. 
Millsap had a season-high 37 points, including the go-ahead layup with 27 seconds remaining in the fourth OT, and the Atlanta Hawks overcame Carmelo Anthony 's season-high 45 points to outlast the short-handed New York Knicks 142-139 on Sunday. 
Millsap logged 60 minutes, which were especially taxing due to his time defending Anthony. 
"There was no chance I was coming out," Millsap said. 
Millsap had 19 rebounds, setting another season high, and seven assists. 
"That was fun," Millsap said. "I don't want to do that again ever, but it was fun." 
Asked to summarize the game, he said, "I don't even remember." 
The Knicks' first four-overtime game in 66 years included five players, including Anthony and Atlanta's Dwight Howard , fouling out. 
Anthony scored the tying baskets at the end of regulation and the first overtime period, before fouling out with 12.9 seconds remaining in the second overtime. 
Anthony said it was "difficult" to watch the last two extra periods. 
"Those are the overtimes where you've got to dig deep," Anthony said. "You're exhausted, you have to find something from somewhere. But to not be out there in that last overtime was a little difficult to watch. Especially knowing the flow of the game. That was a moment I wanted to be out there." 
The Knicks also had starters Kristaps Porzingis and Joakim Noah foul out. New York still found ways to match the scoring from Millsap and Kent Bazemore , who had 24 points, including the Hawks' first eight points in the fourth overtime. 
"Good thing we don't play tomorrow," said Knicks coach Jeff Hornacek . 
The loss was another blow to the Knicks' hopes of moving into the Eastern Conference playoffs. 
"These guys have fought all year," Hornacek said. "Things haven't gone our way but they never give up." 
Courtney Lee made a 26-foot tying 3-pointer with 1.5 seconds remaining in the second OT and sank the tying free throws late in the third extra period. 
The Knicks held out guard Derrick Rose , who sprained his left ankle in Friday night's win over Charlotte. 
Dennis Schroder made one of two free throws with 10.2 seconds remaining in the fourth overtime, leaving the Knicks a chance to extend the game yet again. Lee missed a last-second 3-point attempt on what he said was "a great look." 
"It's draining, man, but it was fun," Lee said. "You can't hang your head about this one. We competed." 
Schroder had 23 points and 15 assists for Atlanta. 
Brandon Jennings had 18 points as the fill-in starter for Rose. Lee added 17. 
TIP-INS 
Knicks: Porzingis fouled out with 15 points with 1:30 remaining in regulation. ... Anthony, who set a franchise record for points in any quarter with 25 in the second period against Washington on Jan. 19, had 17 in the first quarter. ... Backup Kyle O'Quinn also fouled out. ... Noah had 14 rebounds. 
Hawks: Howard fouled out in the second OT with 19 points and 13 rebounds. ... G Lamar Patterson , signed to a 10-day contract, was in uniform but did not play. He played 35 games with Atlanta last season. ... G Gary Neal 's 10-day contract expired. ... Tim Hardaway Jr. started for F Thabo Sefolosha (groin) and scored nine of his 19 points in the fourth quarter. 
FOUR-OT HISTORY 
It was the Knicks' first four-overtime game since Jan. 23, 1951, when they lost at Rochester. Atlanta's last four-overtime game was a win over Utah on March 25, 2012. 
ROSE MAY MISS MORE GAMES 
Hornacek said Rose also likely will miss the team's game at Washington on Tuesday and possibly more. 
"I don't want to say because you never know with an ankle," Hornacek said. 
Rose said the ankle "feels better every day." 
"I just have to take my time with it and listen to my body and I think that's what I'm doing right now," Rose said. 
FLAGRANT FOUL 
Howard was assessed a Flagrant 1 foul for knocking Porzingis to the court on a dunk by Porzingis midway through the third quarter. There was a lengthy delay as officials reviewed the play and Porzingis received congratulations from teammates for the slam over Howard. 
UP NEXT 
Knicks: Visit Washington on Tuesday. 
Hawks: Visit Miami on Wednesday. 
The Latest 
Steele announces new head football coach 
Driver killed in possible street-racing accident ID'd 
Meet the S.A. 'chola' with hundreds of thousands of fans online 
'On the Road Again' — Willie is back 
Spurs' Manu Ginobili hung out with Neil deGrasse Tyson 
Castro: 'Trump has started his mass deportation plan' 
Jury gives San Antonio parents probation after child injury... 
SAPD: Robbery suspect flees Northwest Side bank after handing... 
Accused San Antonio man is his own lawyer — but doesn’t... 
Former ‘Harry Potter’ star to pose nude for Playboy 
Reports: S.A. woman sues Chip and Joanna Gaines' Magnolia Market 
Leaked photos: Cartel ready for war post-'El Chapo' 
Where Mexican drug cartels hold sway in Texas 
Nicknames of notorious Mexican drug cartel figures 
FBI, IRS raid senator's S.A. office 
What we know about Sen. Uresti’s ties to FourWinds 
Former FourWinds exec charged in alleged fraud tied to Uresti 
25 things to do in S.A. this weekend 
Photos: S.A. goes country for S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo 
Graphic Photos: Blue Star goes kinky for BDSM show 
Twitter reacts to Trump's wild press conference 
Wildest quotes from Donald Trump's presser 
#daywithoutimmigrants mostly quiet in San Antonio 
Recent Breaking News 
Woman shot in the face on South Side, remains in critical... 
S.A.-area father found safe after strange disappearance Super... 
San Antonio experiencing heavy rainfall Tuesday morning,... 
School Score Database 
Most Popular 
1 
FBI, IRS raid state Sen. Carlos Uresti's San Antonio law office 
2 
S.A.-area father found safe after strange disappearance Super... 
3 
1 dead, undercover officers at scene of police-involved... 
4 
SAPD: Officers had sex on duty 
5 
One-time DACA recipient facing deportation in S.A. released 
6 
Former ‘Harry Potter’ Star to Pose Nude for Playboy 
7 
Jury gives San Antonio parents probation after child injury... 
0 ? $(this).attr('href') : document.location.href.replace('/article/','/articleComments/')); return false;" class="comments-btn" rel="nofollow"> View Comments 
&copy; 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. 
Logo 
Return to Top 
About 
Corporate Home 
Careers 
Advertising 
Ad Choices 
Terms & Conditions 
Privacy Policy 
Your California Privacy Rights 
Contact 
FAQ 
Newsroom Contacts 
Purchase Photos 
Place a Classified Ad 
Connect 
Newsletters 
Facebook 
Twitter 
Google+ 
Instagram 
Subscribe 
San Antonio Express-News 
ExpressNews.com 
iPad app 
eEdition 
Search Our News Archive 
Manage Your Subscription 
Hearst Newspapers 
&copy; Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC