NBA reaches out to State Department for clarification on Trump executive order - Chicago Tribune 
RedEye Your weekend plans. Delivered.  
Sports 
Basketball 
NBA reaches out to State Department for clarification on Trump executive order 
Donald Trump  MANDEL NGAN / AFP/Getty Images  President Donald Trump shows his signature on executive orders alongside Defense Secretary James Mattis and Vice President Mike Pence on Jan. 27, 2017, at the Pentagon in Washington.  President Donald Trump shows his signature on executive orders alongside Defense Secretary James Mattis and Vice President Mike Pence on Jan. 27, 2017, at the Pentagon in Washington. (MANDEL NGAN / AFP/Getty Images)    
Tim Bontemps The Washington Post  
In reaction to President Donald Trump 's executive order suspending immigration from seven predominantly Muslim countries, the NBA has contacted the State Department to try to determine how the order could potentially impact the league. Two NBA players - Milwaukee Bucks forward Thon Maker and Los Angeles Lakers forward Luol Deng - have Sudanese roots, and the league does a significant amount of work overseas through its Basketball Without Borders program. 
&quot;We have reached out to the State Department and are in the process of gathering information to understand how this executive order would apply to players in our league who are from one of the impacted countries,&quot; NBA spokesman Mike Bass said in a statement Saturday night. &quot;The NBA is a global league and we are proud to attract the very best players from around the world.&quot; 
Somalia-born Olympian Mo Farah says Donald Trump's travel ban 'seems to have made me an alien'   Tribune news services   Four-time Olympic champion Mo Farah has criticized U.S. President Donald Trump 's immigration policy, saying Sunday the temporary travel ban "seems to have made me an alien" and leaves him unsure whether he can return to his U.S. home. Farah is a British citizen who was born in Somalia, one of seven...       Four-time Olympic champion Mo Farah has criticized U.S. President Donald Trump 's immigration policy, saying Sunday the temporary travel ban "seems to have made me an alien" and leaves him unsure whether he can return to his U.S. home. Farah is a British citizen who was born in Somalia, one of seven... (Tribune news services)    While a judge granted a request from the American Civil Liberties Union to stay the order on Saturday night, it remains to be seen if the order will wind up having an impact on either Deng or Maker as the season progresses. The Lakers have already played their one game of the season in Toronto, and given Los Angeles currently has one of the NBA's worst records, barring a trade, it seems Deng will have no issues. 
Milwaukee, as it happened, played in Toronto on Friday night, though Maker, who left Sudan - one of the seven countries on Trump's list - as a small child and has an Australian passport, was able to return to the U.S. with his teammates without incident. The rookie forward started his second game of the season Saturday in an overtime loss at home to the Boston Celtics , scoring four points to go with two rebounds in 10 minutes. 
Federal judge stays deportations after Trump's order barring refugees, migrants causes outrage   Jerry Markon, Emma Brown, Katherine Shaver   A federal judge in New York blocked deportations nationwide late Saturday of those detained on entry to the United States after an executive order from President Donald Trump targeted citizens from seven predominantly Muslim countries. Judge Ann Donnelly of the U.S. District Court in Brooklyn granted...       A federal judge in New York blocked deportations nationwide late Saturday of those detained on entry to the United States after an executive order from President Donald Trump targeted citizens from seven predominantly Muslim countries. Judge Ann Donnelly of the U.S. District Court in Brooklyn granted... (Jerry Markon, Emma Brown, Katherine Shaver)    &quot;No,&quot; Bucks Coach Jason Kidd told reporters in Milwaukee when asked if Maker had issues getting back into the country. &quot;He's starting. There are no issues.&quot; While the Bucks have now completed their regular season series in Toronto, there remains a very real possibility of the two teams meeting in the Eastern Conference playoffs, which could leave Makers's status for future games in Toronto unclear. Meanwhile, Rondae Hollis-Jefferson , a second-year forward for the Brooklyn Nets who is Muslim, spoke out against Trump's action before the Nets played in Minnesota on Saturday night. 
Fear, anger at O’Hare: Travelers freed after being held over Trump order, lawyers say   Grace Wong and Stacy St. Clair   U.S. authorities took more than a dozen travelers into custody Saturday at O’Hare International Airport in response to President Donald Trump’s immigration order — but lawyers who came to their aid said all were set free after a federal judge temporarily barred deportations. The Trump crackdown...       U.S. authorities took more than a dozen travelers into custody Saturday at O’Hare International Airport in response to President Donald Trump’s immigration order — but lawyers who came to their aid said all were set free after a federal judge temporarily barred deportations. The Trump crackdown... (Grace Wong and Stacy St. Clair)    &quot;We try to teach people not to point the finger, blame a whole [group],&quot; Hollis-Jefferson told reporters in Minneapolis before the game. &quot;You can't judge a whole group by one's actions at the end of the day. And I feel like that's not right. That's definitely not right. You can't speak for all Muslims, because all Muslims' hearts aren't like that. Most of them are pure, really believe in a different way and a different livelihood. &quot;I kind of feel like things could be handled differently. Me being Muslim, me knowing a lot of Muslims, it's definitely, definitely heartbreaking to see. A lot of my college friends are Muslims, and their families are in some of those countries. Just seeing that, my heart goes out to them, how they feel about it and everything. It's definitely a tough situation to put people in.&quot; 
Privacy Policy 
Copyright
&copy; 2017, Chicago Tribune 
NBA  Donald Trump  Thon Maker  Luol Deng  Milwaukee Bucks  Los Angeles Lakers  Brooklyn Nets 
Jimmy Butler leads the way as Bulls edge Celtics 104-103 
Cubs ready to defend their World Series title with a swagger 
Time for White Sox veteran James Shields to start living up to his billing 
Sports Breaking Trending RedEye Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising   
34&deg;