President Donald Trump calls Russia&#039;s Vladimir Putin | World | News | Express.co.uk 
Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. 
Find us on Facebook 
Follow us on Twitter 
Check us on Google+ 
Subscribe to our rss feed 
Daily Horoscope 
Our Apps 
Top 10 
Our Paper 
Paper Archive 
Weather 
8 &deg; 
London 
HOME 
News 
Showbiz & TV 
Sport 
Comment 
Finance 
Travel 
Entertainment 
Life & Style 
UK 
World 
Politics 
Nature 
Science 
Royal 
Weather 
Weird 
History 
Obituaries 
Sunday 
Scotland 
Home  News  World  REVEALED: What Trump discussed with Putin, Merkel and Hollande   	                                  
REVEALED: What Trump discussed with Putin, Merkel and Hollande 
PRESIDENT Donald Trump has been manning the White House hotline after holding calls with five world leaders - including president Vladimir Putin. 
By
Rebecca Flood 
PUBLISHED: 
18:57, Sat, Jan 28, 2017 
| UPDATED: 22:13, Sat, Jan 28, 2017 
GETTY/ REUTERS He continued meeting and greeting global leaders by holding phone conversations with five leaders The 45th president has had a jam-packed first week in week in office, signing a flurry of executive orders including banning Muslims from certain countries entering the US, and laying the framework for his controversial wall with Mexico. And he welcomed prime minister Theresa May to Washington, the first world leader to have an audience with the billionaire. He continued greeting global leaders by holding phone conversations with five of his counterparts, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Japanese prime minister Shinzō Abe, French president Fran&ccedil;ois Hollande, and the prime minister of Australia, Malcolm Turnbull. He phoned the leaders from the Oval Office, enjoying a 45 minute chat with Mrs Merkel. 
Inside Trump's White House Chaos 
Thu, February 16, 2017 
President Donald Trump is making a significant impact on global politics during his first term. 
Play slideshow 
Getty Images 
1 of 17 
Trump signs H.J. Res. 38, disapproving the rule submitted by the US Department of the Interior known as the Stream Protection Rule in the Roosevelt Room of the White House 
Mr Trump invited Mrs Merkel to visit him in Washington &ldquo;soon&rdquo;, White House sources confirmed. And the German Chancellor in turn extended an invitation to the president to join the G20 summit in Hamburg in July. They both acknowledged how important German-American cooperation was for mutual security, and also promote stability in the wider world. Mr Trump agreed with Mrs Merkel that there was a need to strengthen ties to fight terrorism and extremism, and work harder to stabilise conflict zones, particularly in the Middle East and Africa.  GETTY Mr Trump invited Mrs Merkel to visit him in Washington “soon” And the pair both admitted that all NATO members need to pay their fair share towards &ldquo;our collective security&rdquo;, and recognised how important NATO was to the transatlantic relationship enjoyed by the US and Europe. The Kremlin issued a statement after the phone-call between Mr Trump and Mr Putin, saying they discussed cooperating in Syria to defeat ISIS, adding the priority was uniting to defeat international terrorism. They stressed the importance of restoring mutually beneficial trade and economic ties, and stabilising relations between the countries.  REUTERS It is widely anticipated Mr Putin formally congratulated Mr Trump on assuming office The new US president also brought up the Iranian nuclear programme and the situation in North Korea and the Korean peninsula as a whole. And Mr Trump has agreed to keep in regular contact with Mr Putin, and the pair also confirmed they would work on arranging a face-to-face meeting. But there was no mention of easing sanctions on Russia, imposed after Moscow annexed Crimea in 2014 leading to bloody and civil unrest in Ukraine.   
If we can get along with Russia, that's a great thing   
Donald Trump 
It is widely anticipated Vladimir Putin formally congratulated Mr Trump on assuming office, despite a brief conversation after Mr Trump&rsquo;s election victory to congratulate him. The 70-year-old previously said of the Russian leader: &rdquo;I don't know Putin, but if we can get along with Russia, that's a great thing. &rdquo;It's good for Russia, it's good for us; we go out together and knock the hell out of ISIS, because that's a real sickness.&rdquo; 
Related videos 
May confirms President Trump to visit UK in 2017 
"There goes that relationship" - Trump deflects awkward question 
Trump: I call the EU a consortium 
Previously it was thought vice-president Mike Pence would sit in and join the discussion, but it was later confirmed only the two leaders would speak. Kremlin spokesman, Dmitri Peskov, said ahead of the call: &ldquo;Of course, usually during such contacts there is an exchange of views on the main parameters of the current state of bilateral relations.&rdquo; The outspoken tycoon has indicated his administration may herald a thawing in relations between the two superpowers, and his team have recently said that Russian sanctions are &ldquo;under consideration&rdquo;.  REUTERS Previously it was thought vice-president Mike Pence would sit in and join the discussio But sanctions were not discussed during the phone-call. The issue is divisive, with some Republicans including Senator John McCain and Democratic Senator Chuck Schumer reportedly mooting a bill to curb Mr Trump&rsquo;s ability to lift the sanctions without the approval of Congress. And earlier this month Donald Trump inferred the lifting of sanctions could be tied to a nuclear arms reduction treaty, something Moscow flatly refused.  REUTERS He phoned the leaders from the Oval Office, enjoying a 45 minute chat with Mrs Merkel 
Related articles 
Trump's new UN ambassador warns allies to 'back US' 
Trump's Muslim ban BEGINS: Travellers report being turned away from... 
Sergei Karaganov, honorary chairman of the Russian Council on Foreign and Defense Policy, has urged for dialogue between the two countries over the issue of nuclear weapons. He said a solution must be found "based not on the reduction or increase of nuclear arsenals, but on the preservation of the global status quo." And in his chat with the French leader, president Hollande warned Mr Trump against taking a protectionist approach, referencing his &ldquo;America first&rsquo; rhetoric.  GETTY President Hollande warned Mr Trump against taking a protectionist approach He said it would have economic and political consequences, adding democratic principles should be respected. A statement from the Frenchman&rsquo;s office quotes Mr Hollande as telling his counterpart: &ldquo;In an unstable and uncertain world, turning inward would be a dead-end.&rdquo;  After speaking with Chancellor Merkel for 45 minutes @POTUS is now onto his 3rd of 5 head of government calls, speaking w Russian Pres Putin pic.twitter.com/RPAWIgcO2C — Sean Spicer (@PressSec) January 28, 2017  And he brought up the issue of climate change, which Mr Trump claims was invented by China, stressing the importance of the Paris agreement. Mr Hollande also told Mr Trump that NATO was indispensable, again picking up on the Commander in Chief&rsquo;s comments throwing shade on the US&rsquo;s future role in the alliance and echoing Mrs Merkel. 
Related articles 
Donald Trump signs order to LIMIT IMMIGRATION 
Prime Minister Theresa May has dealt well with a difficult task 
Theresa May agrees 'unique' deal with Turkey to crush ISIS in Syria 
Donald Trump 
Vladimir Putin 
Most read in World 
1 
PARIS ON FIRE: Riots reach capital's centre - buildings set ablaze and police attacked 
2 
PARIS RIOTS MAPPED: 20 no-go zones located as violence spreads ACROSS FRANCE 
3 
Man with biggest penis in world registered DISABLED as HALF METRE member needs OWN PILLOW 
4 
People who died in 2017: Latest list of celebrities and famous people who have died so far 
5 
‘ZEALANDIA’ DISCOVERED: Scientists find ENTIRE NEW CONTINENT attached to New Zealand 
Latest videos 
Ashley Graham squeezes her killer curves into figure-hugging leather dress 
Question Time audience member rips apart 'BIASED BBC' over Scottish referendum coverage 
Paul Nuttall vows to scrap VAT on FISH AND CHIPS in Ukip party conference speech 
Trump warns of 'NUCLEAR HOLOCAUST like no other' if US & Russia do not improve relations 
Love Actually 2: Is Emma Thompson set to appear in Comic Relief special after all? 
GOTCHA! British forces OBLITERATE ISIS Headquarters in Mosul with MIGHTY air strike 
Trump warns of 'NUCLEAR HOLOCAUST like no other' if US & Russia do not improve relations 
Donald Trump’s pick for Michael Flynn’s successor TURNS DOWN top security role 
Former US Congress hopeful found guilty of plotting to BURN DOWN mosque in New York 
BREAKING: US high school on lockdown amid reports of gunman 
‘ZEALANDIA’ DISCOVERED: Scientists find ENTIRE NEW CONTINENT attached to New Zealand 
'It’s about FREEDOM' German politician slaps down BBC host for criticising burka ban calls 
'You’re JUST like CNN' Trump LASHES OUT at BBC reporter in fiery 'fake news' clash 
‘Self righteous’ EU BLASTED by Hungarian PM as he prepares for 2017 WAR with Brussels 
LATEST POLL: Marine Le Pen leading by FIVE per cent in first round of French voting 
Daily Express       
Mayor urged to hire EXORCIST after GHOST of girl ‘haunts Spanish government offices’ 
‘Children are afraid of me’ Dad with HUNDREDS of tumours over his body faces going blind 
Hungary BOLSTERS emergency border controls as 'masses' of illegal immigrants try to enter 
Italy could be COMPLETELY SUBMERGED by the sea at the end of the century 
Prague airport evacuated amid bomb alert 
Historic railway station in Germany to be turned into a mosque 
Panicking Germany tries to create separate deal with China to sell cars amid Brexit fears 
Merkel betrayal: Party rival takes aim at EU's failed Schengen policy amid migrant crisis 
Haven't they learnt ANYTHING? Brussels bigwig wants GREATER integration between EU members 
‘ISIS is a mess I’ve INHERITED’ Trump SWIPES at Obama as he imposes strict border controls 
Six climbers killed as frozen waterfall collapses in latest Alps tragedies 
Hundred-strong mob surrounds and ‘threatens’ police as officers arrest Somalian man 
Acid fumes leave hundreds injured as German factory leaks dangerous chemicals 
'Oversensitive and WRONG' Supreme Court judge blasted over Brexit reaction 
MERKEL REBELLION: Ex-minister QUITS and says embattled German Chancellor is the reason 
'US Katie Hopkins' rages against focus on Russia while US is at war with 'radical Islam' 
NEW COLD WAR FEARS: Boris Johnson reveals US and Britain's plans for Russia 
Will Trump follow suit? Venezuela pulls plug on CNN following report on fake passports 
BREAKING: Berlin migrant centre put in LOCKDOWN over knife fight 
Oroville Dam latest: Storm forecast updates as crews race against time to fix spillway 
PARIS RIOTS MAPPED: 20 no-go zones located as violence spreads ACROSS FRANCE 
Woman kidnaps husband to force him to dump his mistress 
Migrant boys KIDNAP top Italian official and threaten to cut centre manager's THROAT 
'I'm the extremist?' Trump aide hits back after wearing medal linked to Nazi sympathisers 
Europe facing most serious terror threat in more than a DECADE, Europol warns 
'It's not against the Syrian people' Assad backs Trump over controversial travel ban 
SEARCH 
CONNECT WITH US 
Find us on Facebook 
Follow us on Twitter 
Check us on Google+ 
Subscribe to our rss feed 
Check our YouTube channel 
TODAY'S PAPER 
Friday, 17th February 2017     
See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper,
order back issues and use the historic Daily Express
newspaper archive.
News 
UK 
World 
Politics 
Nature 
Science 
Royal 
Weather 
Weird 
History 
Obituaries 
Sunday 
Scotland 
UK Politics 
Political Parties 
Politicians 
Constituencies 
EU Referendum 
Sport 
Football 
Transfer news 
UFC 
F1 
Boxing 
Cricket 
Golf 
Tennis 
Rugby Union 
Other 
Racing 
Pics 
Pictures 
Celebrity Galleries 
Royal Galleries 
Sport Galleries 
Vids 
Videos 
Comment 
Express Comment 
Columnists 
Beachcomber 
Finance 
City & Business 
Personal Finance 
Retirement 
The Crusader 
Travel 
Cruise 
Activity Holidays 
Beach Holidays 
Short & City breaks 
Travel News 
Entertainment 
Films 
Gaming 
Theatre 
Books 
Music 
Puzzles 
Puzzles 
Horoscope 
Offers 
Competitions 
Bingo 
Jackpot Millions 
Life & Style 
Health 
Cars 
Garden 
Life 
Food 
Style 
Diets 
Win 
Tech 
Property 
Saturday 
S Mag 
Top 10 Facts 
EXPRESS.CO.UK 
Sitemap 
Site Archive 
Contact Us 
Advertising 
Privacy Policy 
Cookie Policy 
Terms & Conditions 
Design by Netro42 
Syndication and Licensing 
Clarifications and Corrections 
Daily Star 
OK! Magazine 
new! Magazine 
Star Magazine 
Health Lottery 
Northern and Shell 
Copyright ©2017 Express Newspapers.
"Daily Express" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.