Let’s be real: Obama ‘barred’ Syrian Christian refugees. Just look at the numbers | BizPac Review 
Search for: 
Home 
About 
About Us 
Our Team 
Contributors 
Contact Us 
Advertise 
Download Our Media Kit 
Job Opportunities 
Follow Us 
Facebook 
Twitter 
Pinterest 
Google Plus 
Subscribe To Newsletter 
Search for: 
Let’s be real: Obama ‘barred’ Syrian Christian refugees. Just look at the numbers 
January 29, 2017 | BPR Wire |  Print Article 		 
Total: 3.4K   SHARE 3.4K   TWEET 22   PIN 9   PLUS 23   EMAIL   Total: 3.4K   3.4K   22   23   9       
By Rachel Stoltzfoos, DCNF   
President Trump said he’s righting a wrong in ordering his administration to prioritize refugee applications from Christian minorities in Muslim countries Friday, but critics are declaring the move unfair and “un-American.” Let’s look at what the numbers have to say about the way Christian refugees were treated under President Obama. 
The country admitted about the same number of Christian refugees as Muslim refugees in Fiscal Year 2016, according to Pew Research Center figures cited by The New York Times in an effort to refute Trump’s statement. About 38,000 Christian refugees were admitted compared to about 39,000 Muslims. 
But this figure is a sum total of refugees worldwide, when Trump was clearly referring to specific Christian minority populations in the Middle East. The way it’s deployed in The New York Times report is incredibly misleading and entirely misses the point. 
Previous administrations made it “almost impossible” for Syrian Christian refugees to gain admission, Trump told the Christian Broadcasting Network Friday, although they were “horribly treated” in their country. 
“If you were a Muslim you could come in, but if you were a Christian, it was almost impossible,” he said. “I thought it was very, very unfair. So we are going to help them.” 
The numbers regarding refugees from Syria in particular actually bolster Trump’s case. Obama admitted more than 12,000 Muslim refugees from Syria in Fiscal Year 2016, but fewer than 100 Christian refugees from the same country. Christians make up about 10 percent of the population in Syria, some 2.2 million people. Yet they only made up about one-half of one percent of Syrian refugees admitted that year. 
Elliot Abrams tackles one explanation for the disproportionate numbers in a November opinion piece published by Newsweek, titled “The U.S. Bars Christians, Not Muslim, Refugees From Syria.” While some argue the dramatically low numbers are because Syrian Christians aren’t fleeing the country, or aren’t applying to move to the U.S., Abrams offers a simpler answer: “In effect, we make it almost impossible for Christian refugees to get here.” 
“Is the title of this column an overstatement, suggesting that the United States ‘bars’ Christian refugees from Syria?” he writes. “Sure, in that we do not and could not legally ban Christian refugees any more than we could or should bar Muslim refugees. But when you have been running a refugee program for years, and you have accepted 10,612 Sunni refugees and 56 Christians, and it is obvious why and obvious how to fix it, and nothing is done to fix it—well, the results speak more loudly than speeches, laws, intentions or excuses.” 
Another interesting fact The New York Times omitted from the Pew report is that 2016 was a record year for Muslims admitted into the country. Nearly half of the 85,000 refugees admitted into the country in fiscal year 2016 were Muslims, Pew reported, and half of those Muslims came from just two countries, one of which was Syria. 
Follow Rachel on Twitter 
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email&#160;protected] . 
About  Latest Posts    BPR Wire     Latest posts by BPR Wire ( see all ) 				 					 Ted Cruz introduces one-page bill to abolish Elizabeth Warren’s precious Consumer Agency - February 16, 2017 				 				 					 President Trump will issue a new and improved executive order on refugees - February 16, 2017 				 				 					 Watch President Trump comment on how exactly he would have handled Podesta - February 16, 2017 				   
Post navigation 
Ever sneak snacks into a movie? This theater forced patrons to &#8216;shame-eat&#8217; contraband before entering Libs target Uber for offering rides while cabbies protest Trump; #DeleteUber, a lefty temper tantrum 
Related Posts 
Follow Us:  Like  Follow  Follow  Plus  Subscribe  Email 			 
WHAT&#039;S POPULAR     
About BizPac Review 			 
Conservative news you can trust! 
Other News Sources 
Drudge Report 
Right Wing News 
Quick Links  About Us 
Contact Us 
Comment Policy 
Privacy Policy 
Sitemap 
Copyright &copy; 2017. All Rights Reserved. BizPacReview &mdash; Built by WPDevelopers .    
Send this to friend Your email Recipient email Send Cancel