Preble's Geil has NCAA Division I suitors            /">   SUBSCRIBE NOW to get full access     Home   News   Business   Sports   Packers   Opinion   Go 920!   Life   Outdoors   Door Co   Archives   Insider   USA TODAY   Media   More  Home News Business Sports Packers Opinion Go 920! Life Outdoors Door Co Archives Insider USA TODAY Media    Firefly  Hi  Already a subscriber? Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings. My Account  View the E-Newspaper  Manage your Newsletters  View your Insider deals and more  Member ID Card  Chat Support  Chat Support  Log Out   Search   Social    Follow       Get the news Log In or Subscribe to skip  Already a subscriber? Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access.      
241
Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about  Facebook Email Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest  Preble's Geil has NCAA Division I suitors Henry Geil has been waiting for this moment, when his talents would be recognized.    Post to Facebook    Preble's Geil has NCAA Division I suitors &#13;&#13;Henry Geil has been waiting for this moment, when his talents would be recognized. &#13;&#13;Check out this story on greenbaypressgazette.com: http://gbpg.net/2jL6dPf 
{#
#}
Cancel Send  Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address.  Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.    Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs       Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access.     Preble&#39;s Geil has NCAA Division I suitors  Scott Venci , USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin 
Published 1:59 p.m. CT Jan. 29, 2017 | Updated 7:02 p.m. CT Jan. 29, 2017      Green Bay Preble junior Henry Geil has attracted the interest of NCAA Division I schools and already has an offer from Iowa State. (Photo: Jim Matthews/USA TODAY NETWORK-W)   
241
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE  GREEN BAY – Henry Geil has been waiting for this moment, when the talents he displayed on the football field and the work he put in would be recognized. The Green Bay Preble junior running back already had started to attract the interest of NCAA Division I schools even before his standout performance at the Edgy Tim/EFT Showcase in Illinois on Jan. 16, but it’s only gotten more intense in the days that have followed. Iowa State, a school Geil has been in contact with since November, made an offer. A coach from Central Michigan stopped by Preble last week to speak with the 6-foot, 190-pound prospect, while North Dakota State also called. This likely is just the start for Geil, who is no rush to make a decision. He has no dream school he’s waiting on. He just wants to go to the place he and his family think suits him best. “It’s kind of a weight being lifted off my shoulders,” Geil said. “Ever since I’ve been pretty young, this has been a dream of mine. To really succeed in what I’m doing. I’m a pretty competitive guy, so I like to always try to be the best at everything. “I was always a pretty good athlete, but I never stood out. Just to kind of know that all the work that I put in when I was younger, just to know that it is all paying off now, it’s a really relieving feeling.” Geil is the latest Hornets player to receive attention from Division I schools the past few years. Former standout Will Daniels is now on scholarship at Northern Illinois. Coy Wanner, who started at quarterback the last two seasons, recently accepted a preferred walk-on offer from the University of Wisconsin while Paul Stefiuk committed to Bradly University for baseball. Geil had a breakout season in 2016 while helping Preble reach the WIAA playoffs for a program-record sixth straight year. He ranked fifth in the Fox River Classic Conference with 768 rushing yards and third with 14 touchdowns. He also was the league’s top punt returner at 14.4 yards per return. All this hoopla surrounding him isn’t surprising to Preble coach Tim Larsen, who sees Geil’s talent every day during the season. “Henry is a great athlete,” Larsen said. “I think really why he’s a Division I caliber football player is the coaches are seeing on the film when they are going through their process of evaluating guys, they see right away he’s just very versatile. “He’s just an all-around great athlete. You look at his speed, you look at his shiftiness. ... there is a lot to work with.” Geil was a running back growing up but played wideout for Preble early in his career and didn’t feel he was making much of an impact. But instead of having some doubts keep him down, he used them as motivation. Still, his work is far from done. He is spending the offseason adding muscle and also will go out for track and field for the first time this spring after previously playing baseball. Geil knows he won’t have former Preble running back Darionne Hughes to help carry the load anymore, so he wants to be ready for a workhorse role and be prepared to take some punishment. He loves the thought of his team counting on him to deliver. “Offense, defense, I’d kick if it meant the game would be on me,” he said. “I just like my team so much to where if anybody is going to blame anybody, blame me. I’m really excited that I’m going to be able to take on the bulk of the work. Not so much so that I can get credit for it, but just so that the team can rely on me.” He also has a desire to make it for reasons off the field. He was adopted a few days after being born in Florida and has never met his birth parents. Geil is confident he knows where he got his athletic ability after learning his mother played in the WNBA. He would like to meet her at some point. “I don’t think she knows who I am,” Geil said. “My biggest goal in life, to be honest, is to one day return and meet her and have something to show for it. Show her that she made the right choice. Obviously, she is not keeping tabs on me, but just show her and let her kind of live in peace and take weight off her shoulders. “I want to go show her that the choice she made had benefits from it.”  
241
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE    
TOP VIDEOS
Rockets roll past Comets in hockey regional 2:14    Today in History for February 17th 1:37    Celebrities from New Orleans, site of the NBA All-Star Game 1:24    NBA has too many All-Star caliber guards 1:04    Cubs star Kris Bryant has had one heck of a year 1:19    NBA will bring star power for All-Star Saturday 0:56    Nicholas Baer on the danger of slow starts 0:33    Video: How VLTs have saved NY horse racing 0:33    What has been Tyler Cook&#39;s biggest college adjustment? 0:47    Sconnies of March: Area hoopsters playing at Division 1 college level 0:52    MLB Spring Training: &#39;Cutie ball&#39; to return to Twins open house? 0:43    Early MLB spring training headlines 1:22    Westminster Winner Enjoys Steak Lunch 1:15    Director Peter Berg dishes on new TV show &#39;QB1: Beyond the Lights&#39; 6:56    These four NFL players could get a franchise tag 1:40    Wrightstown team manager gets time on court 2:05    Neenah swimmers ready for state meet 2:17    Purdue 74, Rutgers 55: Boilermakers reaction 5:27    Basketball manager gets time on court 2:05    How to walk a dog at Westminster 1:48    Tom Izzo blasts ESPN&#39;s Dan Dakich 5:11    Highlights from Brighton&#39;s girls&#39; basketball comeback vs. W.L. Western 1:29    Trump Secretary of VA and head of SBA sworn in 2:00    Gonzaga stays atop men&#39;s college basketball poll 1:23    Timeline of Conor McGregor, Floyd Mayweather’s verbal exchanges 2:12    Kevin Love to miss six weeks following surgery 0:46    Fighting Parkinson&#39;s with punches 1:56    Daytona 500: What is Speedweeks? 0:41    NFL draft prospect diary: Week 1 0:59    Ice Climbing: A Puzzle-Solving Adrenaline Rush 1:39