E-Team - Disabled Sports USA 	
&times; 
Search 
Search  
Newsletter  
Donate 
About 
Our Mission 
Our Impact &#038; Financials 
Our Athletes 
Our Team 
Our Sponsors 
News 
Newsroom 
Videos 
Press 
Challenge Magazine 
Contact Us 
Sports 
Adaptive Sports 
Adaptive Equipment 
Youth Programs 
Empower Youth Sports 
E-Team 
Ski &#038; Snowboard Racing 
Athletics 4 All 
Warfighter Sports 
Boston Strong Program 
The Hartford Ski Spectacular 
Adaptive Sports Awards 
Events 
Locations 
Get Involved 
Become an Athlete 
Volunteer 
Jobs &#038; Internships 
Donate 
Fundraise 
Special Events 
Charity Air Miles 
Chapters 
Become a Chapter 
Grant Reporting 
Insurance 
Training 
Chapter Toolkit 
Contact Us 
E-Team 
Youth Scholarships Scholarship Opportunities Available 							
E-Team Emerging Youth Athletes 							
School-Based Athletics School-Based Athletics 							
Donate Help support Empower Youth Sports 
The E-Team is designed to support and empower Emerging  youth athletes (ages 13-24) with disabilities who are training competitively in sports that are featured in the Summer and Winter Paralympic Games.   We aim to identify and assist athletes who are trying to bridge the gap between grassroots and elite sport. 
This program is intended to not only enhance the efforts of its athletes through funding opportunities, but to increase their visibility within the pipeline of their sport, and help them become the best athletes they can be, both on and off the field of play. 
Benefits: 
One-time Training/Competition Grant of up to $500 
One-time Apparel Grant of up to $100 OR E-Team Jacket 
Recognition in Challenge Magazine 
Athlete profile on DSUSA webpage 
E-Team Newsletter 
Priority consideration for additional scholarship, training, and competition opportunities 
Criteria: 
Between the ages of 13-24 
U.S. legal permanent resident 
Medically classifiable to compete in the Paralympic Sport you are applying under  (actual current classification is not required) 
Actively participating in a training program 
Competitively active 
Enrolled in school  (e.g. college, high school, home schooled) 
Provide a reference letter from your current coach (must be dated from within the current year) 
Must not be considered part of TEAM USA (cannot be a member of the national team or have an athlete profile on the US Paralympic Athlete portal  for the sport you applying under) 
Please Note: 
Athletes are limited to E-Team membership for one winter and one summer sport. 
If you have been previously named to the E-Team, you are considered a member until you no longer meet the criteria and do not need to apply again, unless you are applying for a different season. 
Apply (Summer Sports) 
The current application cycle is for summer sport athletes only. The winter sports cycle will be available in Aug/Sept of 2017. 
Meet the E-Team 
For more information, contact Kyleen Davis, kdavis@dsusa.org , 240-268-0237 
Follow Us: 
@DisabledSportUS 
RT @USABA : Today is the last day to apply for @DisabledSportUS 's E-team of emerging youth athletes! Learn more: https://t.co/suZNoUeCQ4 …  06:48:27 PM February 15, 2017  @DisabledSportUS 		  		
Disabled Sports USA is a nonprofit, tax-exempt charitable organization under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. Donations are tax-deductible as allowed by law. 
&copy; Disabled Sports USA 451 Hungerford Drive, Suite 608, Rockville MD 20850 - Tel: 301-217-0960
Terms &amp; Conditions of Use - Privacy Policy