Music in the Kitchen: Chili Con Tharpé with ​Daniel Tharp, Bass Player for Everyone Dies in Utah Band - Battered and Brewed 
Menu Home 
News 
Interviews	 -Music In The Kitchen 
-Foodie Friday 
Restaurant Reviews 
Spotlight	 -Events 
-Lists 
Battered 
Brewed 
Contact 
Home 
News 
Interviews 
Music In The Kitchen 
Foodie Friday 
Restaurant Reviews 
Spotlight 
Events 
Lists 
Battered 
Brewed 
Contact 
Facebook 
Twitter 
Pinterest 
Instagram 
RSS 
Music in the Kitchen: Favorite Recipes 
Music in the Kitchen: Chili Con Tharpé with ​Daniel Tharp, Bass Player for Everyone Dies in Utah Band 
Music in the Kitchen: Chili Con Tharpé with ​Daniel Tharp, Bass Player for Everyone Dies in Utah Band 
Mary Griffiths 
January 29, 2017 
Chili Con Tharpé  
For this recipe, you will need: 
1 can of petite diced tomatoes 
2 cans of bush&#8217;s chili beans in hot sauce 
1 family size can of condensed tomato soup 
1 white onion 
1 pound of ground turkey 
1 stick of celery (optional) 
Chili powder 
Cayenne pepper 
Ancho chiles 
Garlic powder 
1 pack of cigarettes 
Start off by laying out your ingredients and making sure you have everything. It gets really embarrassing when your band is waiting on you to finish cooking. 
Chop, dice, mince, or otherwise hack up your onion, and celery if you chose to add it, into little pieces, and throw it in a sauté pan on medium-high heat.  
Add your ground turkey, and heat until the turkey is browned and the onions are clear. 
  Meanwhile, open your canned goods and add them all to an appropriately sized pot. Start simmering (medium or medium-low).  Once the turkey is browned and the onions are clear, add the contents of the sauté pan to the pot. 
Simmer, stirring occasionally, and season to taste. I like mine with a lot of heat so I&#8217;m pretty heavy handed with the chiles and peppers.  Add garlic powder to cut some of the tomato flavor. 
Take a smoke break as needed because your band is stressing you out. 
Continue heating and stirring until the celery is softened. 
Serve with shredded cheese and crackers.   Feeds 3-4. Make more for more people. Don&#8217;t be stingy, it&#8217;s already cheap. 
How did you learn to make Chili Con Tharpé? 
It never really had a name until yesterday, but it&#8217;s a simple recipe I learned growing up in a large family.  I have five brothers and sisters. Feeding all of us can be difficult, so being able to do it for cheap is definitely a bonus. 
​ The band just released their new self-titled album on InVogue Records in October. What are some songs you are excited for people to hear? 
Can I say all of them?  I love this album front to back, but I would say my personal favorites are &#8220;1635,&#8221; &#8220;Dr. Fishy No,&#8221; and &#8220;Dying Light.&#8221; 
​ ​  What moment in your music career is your favorite so far? 
This one, and I&#8217;ll tell you why.  Every moment is a gift.  Every day has the potential to be the best day of your life. It&#8217;s all a matter of your outlook, and how hard you&#8217;re willing to work to make that true. 
​ ​  
What does your 2017 look like? Any surprises? 
We&#8217;re writing all kinds of new songs to bring another album when the time is right, but in the mean time we&#8217;re excited to get out on the road  ​to tour ​ and see everyone again. This will be our biggest year for touring.  ​ 
Where can fans stay in touch? 
We&#8217;re always available through Facebook, Instagram, Twitter 
​ www.facebook.com/everyonediesinutahtx 
www.twitter.com/ediu 
www.instagram.com/everyonediesinutah ​ 
www.everyonediesinutah.com 
ABOUT EVERYONE DIES IN UTAH BAND: 
Teetering between breakneck brutality and elegant, entrancing melody, the Temple, TX Everyone Dies In Utah consists of Danny Martinez (Lead Vocals, Screams), Trey Golden (Keys, Synth), Keaton Smith (guitar), Nathan Chase-Meadows (Drums), Cameron Easter (Guitar) and Daniel Tharp (Bass). The name of the band began as a joke, but stuck with them as time went on. It derives from the fact that the death rate in Utah was at one time higher than any other state. 
Everyone Dies In Utah has attracted a loyal fan base from their self-released EP (“I Hope You Know This Means War”), four full length albums (“Seeing Clearly”, “Polarities”, &#8220;Neutral Ground&#8221; and their new InVogue Records debut self-titled album).  The band takes pride in being accessible to their fans and, in turn, tour extensively so they can create deeper connections with their audience. They’ve had opportunities to share the stage with well-known names like Memphis May Fire, The Color Morale, Affiance, Sirens and Sailors, Alesana, and Suicide Silence. 
On October 7, 2016, Everyone Dies in Utah released their new self-titled album on InVogue Records.  It has gained extremely positive reviews from new and long-time fans alike.  Everyone Dies in Utah’s new self-titled album marks a new sound for the band as they move away from their tone in their previous album “Neutral Ground”, showing the band’s versatility and how they have matured in their songwriting skills. Everyone Dies in Utah’s new album has set the bar high as their new album earned them multiple places on the Billboard and iTunes metal charts and is their best selling album to date. 
Related Items band cheap chili easy metal rock 
Click to add a comment 
Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 			 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  
Email *  
Website 
Notify me of follow-up comments by email.  Notify me of new posts by email.  			 
Music in the Kitchen: Favorite Recipes 
January 29, 2017 
Mary Griffiths 
Related Items band cheap chili easy metal rock 
More in Music in the Kitchen: Favorite Recipes 
Keep Spreading the Love with Ayla Brown&#8217;s New Single &#8220;Take Your Name.&#8221; 
Mary Griffiths February 15, 2017 
Read More 
Love is All Around: Valentine&#8217;s Day Recipe and Music with Salina Solomon 
Mary Griffiths February 14, 2017 
Read More 
10 Questions with the Talented Songstress Alyssa Bonagura 
Mary Griffiths February 8, 2017 
Read More 
Music in the Kitchen: Hit Singer/Songwriter, Jesse Rice, Delicious Low Country Boil 
Mary Griffiths January 23, 2017 
Read More 
MULTI-PLATINUM WRITER/ARTIST JESSE RICE ANCHORS RELEASE DATE FOR THE SANDY &amp; SUNKISSED ISLAND COUNTRY PROJECT THE PIRATE SESSIONS 
Mary Griffiths January 18, 2017 
Read More 
Music in the Kitchen: Getting to Know Butch Parnell and his Famous Fried Chicken 
Mary Griffiths January 18, 2017 
Read More 
The Twelve Cocktails of Christmas: Christmas Eve Bourbon with Jory Hutchens of Jericho Woods 
Mary Griffiths December 24, 2016 
Read More 
DJ KO: Mixing Up The Twelve Cocktails of Christmas 
Mary Griffiths December 23, 2016 
Read More 
The Twelve Cocktails of Christmas: Eggnog Martini&#8217;s with Singer/Songwriter Chris Winward 
Mary Griffiths December 22, 2016 
Read More 
Scroll for more 
Tap 
Recent Posts 		 
2017 RESTAURANT AND CHEF JAMES BEARD AWARD SEMIFINALISTS 
NJC 5th Annual Wine and Dine Event with Food Provided by Chef Jamie Watson 
Keep Spreading the Love with Ayla Brown&#8217;s New Single &#8220;Take Your Name.&#8221; 
Love is All Around: Valentine&#8217;s Day Recipe and Music with Salina Solomon 
“Three Little Kisses” and “Just Another Heartache” with Nashville Songstress Beth Beighey 
easy 
music 
featured 
Nashville 
Foodie Friday 
food 
Holidays 
party 
chicken 
family 
wine 
interview 
Thanksgiving 
festival 
beer 
cooking 
foodie 
southern 
cocktails 
christmas 
brunch 
summer 
BBQ 
restaurants 
cheese 
country 
vodka 
bacon 
rum 
recipe 
beef 
events 
travel 
tour 
steak 
feature 
dessert 
grilling 
seafood 
casserole 				 
Copyright © 2016 Battered and Brewed 
Music in the Kitchen: Hit Singer/Songwriter, Jesse Rice, Delicious Low Country Boil 					 				 										 
10 Questions with the Talented Songstress Alyssa Bonagura