Obama’s America Rises Again 
NYMag.com 
Daily Intelligencer 
Vulture 
The Cut 
Science of Us 
Select All 
Grub Street 
The Strategist 
Log In 
Register 
My Account 
My Profile 
My Comments 
My Reviews 
My Friends 
Sign Out 
FOLLOW: 
Facebook 
Twitter 
Instagram 
Subscribe to New York Magazine 
Give a Gift Subscription of New York Magazine 
Digital Edition of New York Magazine 
Like Us 
Follow Us 
Get the Newsletter 
Newsletter 
Get Daily Intelligencerʼs Top Stories Delivered Daily 
Enter your email 
Thank you for signing up! 
An error occurred. Please try again. 
Close the newsletter signup modal. 
Subscribe to New York Magazine 
NYMag.com 
Daily Intelligencer 
Vulture 
The Cut 
Science of Us 
Select All 
Grub Street 
Bedford &amp; Bowery 
Like Us 
Follow Us 
Get the Newsletter 
Newsletter 
Get Daily Intelligencerʼs Top Stories Delivered Daily 
Enter your email 
Thank you for signing up! 
An error occurred. Please try again. 
Close the newsletter signup modal. 
Popular on NYMag.com 
Ad will collapse in
seconds&hellip;
CLOSE 
&#47; the national interest 
January 29, 2017 
01/29/2017 
2:41 p.m. 
Obama’s America Rises Again 
By 
Jonathan Chait 
Share 
Facebook icon Share 
Twitter icon Tweet 
Google Plus icon Share 
Pinterest icon Pin It 
Email icon Email 
Comment icon Comment 
Print icon 
Print 
Demonstrators protest against President Trump’s executive immigration ban at Chicago’s O’Hare International Airport. 
Photo: Joshua Lott/AFP/Getty Images 
John Quincy Adams was defeated for reelection in 1828 by Andrew Jackson, who proceeded to win reelection in 1832, and whose fellow Democrat, Martin Van Buren, won in 1836. It seemed to cement for all time the defeat of Adams’s vision of an active federal government that would invest in education and infrastructure, and the triumph of the Southern vision of slavery and weak central authority. “I fell, and with me fell, I fear never to rise again the system of internal improvement by national means and national energies,” he wrote in 1837, according to Louisa Thomas , and mourned that the defeats would “rivet into perpetuity the clanking chain of the slave.” 
Long-term pessimism about the liberal project has come roaring back in style since the election. Barack Obama’s pet line, “the moral arc of the universe is long, but it bends toward justice,” has been hauled out for a great deal of public mockery on all sides. The liberal coastal elite has wallowed in self-flagellation about their failure to understand the great country, a sentiment Donald Trump’s henchmen have exploited to cast the news media as an alien appendage from the real America and its deep, mystical bond with the new president. (“They don’t understand this country,” claims Steve Bannon , “They still do not understand why Donald Trump is the president of the United States.”) 
But the events of the last two weeks, both of which have seen massive nationwide protests against the new presidency, suggest a different conclusion. It is Trump who does not understand this country. And it is Obama’s vision of the country that will ultimately win out. 
The election has provided ample reasons for alarm. But it is important to have some clarity about what we ought to fear. The federal government is in the hands of an extremist claque. It will probably carry out enormous amounts of terrible policy, and the tail risks of permanent disasters arising from misgovernance — new Katrinas, new Iraq Wars, or worse — are terrifyingly high. 
On the other hand, there is no reason to believe Trump is actually good at politics. He has the largest popular-vote deficit of any president ever elected and comes into office with historically low approval ratings. The only things he has done well are to gauge correctly the fecklessness of his Republican rivals, who he understood would fall in line behind him even after he smeared and bullied them mercilessly, and to beat up on Hillary Clinton while James Comey, Vladimir Putin, and the national media pinned her arms behind her. 
Some liberal journalists have greeted each new Trump action by solemnly insisting that we “take him literally” and that he will do what he says. But what exactly should we take literally? His promise to provide terrific health insurance that covers everybody, at lower cost? Forcing Mexico to pay for the wall? Resuscitating the declining coal industry? The complete eradication of Islamic terrorism? The most competent president would not achieve these goals. And Trump is a political amateur who has surrounded himself with other political amateurs. He will wreak a fearful toll on this country before he is finished, but the assumption that Trump will “do” what he promises extends him credit he does not deserve. 
The argument of my new book is that Trump (who was an important character in it even before the election) represents the death rattle of a declining vision of American retrenchment, and Obama represents the future. The civic values our grandchildren will celebrate and be taught in schools will be Obama’s, not Trump’s. American history is punctuated with horrors. Yet the reality is that life in the United States is better — more affluent and more egalitarian — than it was 50 years ago, and 50 years ago it was better than 50 years before that, at which point it was better than a half-century before. 
Obama’s story about the arc of history does not imply that progress moves forward steadily and without interruption, or that liberals should adapt to complacency, or that progress will occur without conflict. Indeed, that conflict has burned for more than two centuries. What we now call the struggle between red and blue America was the same basic divide that pit Adams against Andrew Jackson. Blue America envisions a positive role for government in developing the talents of all its citizens, regardless of identity. Red America intertwines a suspicion of elites and centralized authority with a commitment to racial revanchism. 
Adams’s fatalistic assessment 180 years ago seemed accurate at the time, after his party had suffered three consecutive defeats. And, indeed, his Whigs would suffer a series of misfortunes leading to its ultimate expiration within two decades. Yet, in the long run, Adams’s ideas won out. Slavery was abolished in 1865, a national bank was established in 1913, and the federal government actively invested in education and infrastructure, all as Adams had dreamed. “From the vantage point of the twenty-first century,” writes historian Daniel Walker Howe, “we can see that the Whigs, though not the dominant party of their own time, were the party of America’s future.” 
Why have the successes of blue America proven more durable than those of red America? One reason is that liberal politics has a better record of producing successful policies. For all the rage conservatives have generated against Obamacare, it is fulfilling its goals and providing access to medical care to people who are too poor or sick to afford it. When Republicans gathered Friday to strategize on health care, a secret recording revealed that they haven’t the faintest idea how to proceed . Trump’s immigration crackdown was drafted and executed in an absurd fashion. It looks “like what an intern came up with over a lunch hour,” one lawyer told Ben Wittes . “My take is that it is so poorly written that it’s hard to tell the impact.” 
Demographic change is another source of liberal confidence that has sustained a lot of post-election mockery. Yet the fact remains that Republicans remain heavily dependent on running up large margins among the oldest voters. The youngest cohort has remained about as staunchly Democrat today as it was in 2008. Americans under the age of 30 are far more racially diverse than their parents and grandparents, and young whites are far less likely to vote Republican. The Trump coalition can win an election, but its margin for error is shrinking. 
The blue coalition has weaknesses of its own. Liberal voters have a congenital tendency to sulk when Democrats hold the presidency . And the younger voters Democrats have come to rely on turn out less reliably than the Republican base. But the Women’s March last weekend, and the immigration protests this weekend, have drawn on powerful American ideals: inclusion, social mobility, and optimism. Obamaism may have lost control of the levers of government, but it has never lost the country. 
Tags: 
top story the national interest politics donald trump barack obama immigration muslim ban More 
Obama’s America Rises Again 
Share on Facebook 
Tweet this Story 
Top Stories Trump’s Pick to Replace Flynn as National Security Adviser Turns Down the Job Trump Ends the Presidential Press Conference As We Know It Why Top Brands Don’t Want to ‘Make America Great Again’ 
Most Viewed Stories 
Melania Trump Is Reportedly &lsquo;Miserable&rsquo; in Her Role As First Lady 
Another Reason to Be Thankful You&rsquo;re Not Married to Donald Trump Jr. 
The Rhetoric of Evasion: What Trump&rsquo;s White House Has Done to the Language of Lying 
Why Your Dog&rsquo;s Personality Is a Lot Like Yours 
Ben Affleck Quitting Batman Might Be Just the Disaster the DC Superhero Movies Need 
Karlie Kloss Appears As a Geisha in Vogue &rsquo;s Diversity Issue 
Bill Maher Defends Booking Milo Yiannopoulos on Real Time After a Guest Dropped His Appearance in Protest 
Omarosa Manigault Produces Secret Recording of White House Dispute With Journalist 
Nighttime Voice-mails From the White House 
Former Obama White House Photographer&rsquo;s Instagram Is a Master Class in Shade 
Most Popular Video On Daily Intelligencer 
Inside Hillary Clinton&#39;s Campaign HQ 
Latest News from Daily Intelligencer 
Yesterday at 11:14 p.m. 
Trump’s Pick to Replace Flynn as National Security Adviser Turns Down the Job 
A friend of retired Vice Admiral Robert Harward said he called the offer “a sh*t sandwich.” 
Yesterday at 6:36 p.m. 
At Least 70 Killed in ISIS-Claimed Suicide Attack on Pakistani Shrine 
During a crowded worship service. 
Yesterday at 6:33 p.m. 
10 Things We Learned at President Trump’s First Solo Press Conference 
Highlights from the president’s 77-minute tirade about how dishonest the media is — and how racist he isn ’t . 
Yesterday at 6:27 p.m. 
The Wildest Moments From Donald Trump’s Press Conference 
He’s “the least racist person” you’ve ever seen. 
Yesterday at 5:45 p.m. 
HUD Official Hears ‘You’re Fired’ After Trump Criticism Surfaces 
Shermichael Singleton was preparing for confirmation by Ben Carson, whose campaign he had previously worked on. 
Yesterday at 5:42 p.m. 
Trump Ends the Presidential Press Conference As We Know It 
In a remarkable 80-minute presser, Trump did not try to reach people with a message via the media; the message itself was to mistrust the media. 
Yesterday at 4:28 p.m. 
Report: Border Officials Will Push Trump Away from Wall, Toward a Fence 
One official told CNN that “you never want to have a barrier in place that will obstruct your vision.” 
Yesterday at 4:02 p.m. 
Mick Mulvaney’s Job Will Be a Nightmare 
With no time to spare and no margin for error, the new OMB director must somehow give Congress guidance after resolving his differences with Trump. 
Yesterday at 3:20 p.m. 
Kremlin Tells State Media to Cut Back on Pro-Trump Propaganda 
Last month in Russia, Trump received more media attention than Putin. 
Yesterday at 3:19 p.m. 
Trump Says He’s the Least Racist (and Anti-Semitic) Person You’ve Ever Seen 
The president then asked a black reporter if she were friends with the black caucus – and denied the existence of recent anti-Jewish hate crimes. 
Yesterday at 1:42 p.m. 
The Battle Over Judge Neil Gorsuch’s Nomination Begins Next Month 
The first hearings for Scalia’s seat — now vacant for more than a year — will begin March 20. 
Yesterday at 1:23 p.m. 
Trump Picks His First Latino Cabinet Member to Replace Puzder 
After a tough week, Trump plays it safe on a nominee who has been confirmed by the Senate multiple times before. 
Yesterday at 12:47 p.m. 
Senate Confirms Fiscal Hawk Mick Mulvaney As Trump’s Budget Director 
The now-former congressman has yet to meet a budget cut he doesn’t like. 
Yesterday at 11:14 a.m. 
Immigrants Across the Country Are Striking Today to Protest Trump’s Policies 
Immigrants in several major cities are staying home from work or school today. 
Yesterday at 11:05 a.m. 
Tillerson Takes First Official Trip Abroad, Meets With Russian Counterpart 
America’s top diplomat got off to a bit of a stilted start. 
Yesterday at 10:13 a.m. 
Mattis: Russia Must ‘Prove Itself’ Before Collaborating with U.S. Military 
The Defense Secretary appeared to shoot down plans for the U.S. and Russia to align against ISIS. 
Yesterday at 8:16 a.m. 
Yes, There Is a Trump Infrastructure Project Already Under Way: Building Prisons 
The for-profit prison industry looks forward to a border boom thanks to Trump’s executive order on stepping up immigrant detentions. 
Yesterday at 8:00 a.m. 
How the White House Lies: What Jonathan Swift Has to Say About Kellyanne Conway 
“We’re putting conundrums on top of hypotheticals on top of conjecture here.” 
Yesterday at 6:18 a.m. 
Amid Deepening Rift, Trump Plans Review of Intelligence Community 
Stephen Feinberg, a billionaire Trump ally, has reportedly been tapped to look into streamlining the agencies. 
Yesterday at 1:38 a.m. 
Puzder Is the First Trump Nominee to Fall Before He Is Confirmed 
Liberals disliked Puzder for anti-labor policies and proud sexism. National Review disliked his immigration views. His many problems did him in. 
Newsletters 
Facebook 
Twitter 
Instagram 
RSS 
Feedly 
Privacy 
Terms 
Sitemap 
Media Kit 
Ad Choices 
About Us 
Contacts 
Feedback 
We&rsquo;re Hiring! 
&copy; 2017, New York Media LLC.
View all trademarks 
LOG IN 
REGISTER 
Social Account 
Facebook 
or 
Remember Me
Forgot Password? 
Sign up with a social account: 
Facebook 
Don’t worry. We will never post to your social media account without your permission. 
or create an account 
Female 
Male 
NYMag.com may email me about new site features and special offers. 
By creating an account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . 
We’ve sent a registration confirmation email to . 
Please follow the instructions in the email within 48 hours to complete your registration. 
Forgot Your Password? 
Enter your email address or username and we&rsquo;ll email instructions on how to reset your password. 
This username or email is associated with a Facebook account. 
Log in with your social account: 
Facebook 
Check Your Inbox 
We&rsquo;ve sent you an email with instructions on how to reset your password. 
Choose a Username 
Your username will appear next to your comments. 
Email: 
By creating a NYMag.com account, you agree with the Terms of Service and
Privacy Policy .
You already have an account registered under . You can link your Facebook account to your existing account. 
No, Sign In 
Welcome! You are now a registered user of NYMag.com, TheCut.com, Vulture.com, ScienceOfUs.com and GrubStreet.com. 
Want more? Subscribe to our daily newsletters. 
Daily Intelligencer 
Constant news updates on politics, business, media, and real estate. 
Vulture 
Breaking news and analysis on all the latest TV, movies, music, books, theater, and art. 
The Cut 
Get the latest fashion, beauty, and shopping news and recommendations. 
No Thanks 
We're sorry. You must confirm your registration within 48 hours of submitting your registration request. Please register again. 
You are already registered. Please log in . 
Reset Your Password 
Enter a new password 
Your password has been successfully changed. 
Please log in .