Video: Luke Kennard on basketball in Ohio, support from Franklin                     /">   SUBSCRIBE NOW to get full access     Home   News   Sports   Business   Things To Do   NKY   Cincinnati USA   Obituaries   xtras   USA TODAY   Archives    Weather    Icon  Humidity  Precip.  Winds  Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip " value="" /> Cancel Set Close settings Full Forecast  Apps   Subscribe   Advertise   Media   Jobs  Homes  Cars  Retro Cincinnati  Business Directory   Classifieds   Shopping   Apartments   Communities   Member Guide   USA TODAY NETWORK   Moonlighting   More  Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Moonlighting        Follow   Search   Firefly  Hi  Already a subscriber? Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings. My Account  View the E-Newspaper  Manage your Newsletters  View your Xtras! deals and more  Member ID Card  Chat Support  Chat Support  Log Out       Get the news Log In or Subscribe to skip  Already a subscriber? Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access.      
12
Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about  Facebook Email Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest  Video: Luke Kennard on basketball in Ohio, support from Franklin Former Franklin High School basketball and Duke University basketball star Luke Kennard took part in a long video interview with Sports Illustrated's David Gardner as part of the Wooden Watch video series, and spoke for a couple of minutes about play    Post to Facebook    Video: Luke Kennard on basketball in Ohio, support from Franklin &#13;&#13;Former Franklin High School basketball and Duke University basketball star Luke Kennard took part in a long video interview with Sports Illustrated's David Gardner as part of the Wooden Watch video series, and spoke for a couple of minutes about play &#13;&#13;Check out this story on cincinnati.com: http://cin.ci/2k0l8o8 
{#
#}
Cancel Send  Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address.  Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.    Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs       Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access.     Video: Luke Kennard on basketball in Ohio, support from Franklin   Dave Clark , dclark@cincinnati.com 
Published 11:50 a.m. ET Jan. 18, 2017 | Updated 11:54 a.m. ET Jan. 18, 2017      CLOSE   Skip in  Skip  x Embed   x Share         
Sports Illustrated&#39;s David Gardner is joined by Duke sophomore guard Luke Kennard to discuss his season, Grayson Allen, and who he would select as his Wooden Award winner.
Time_Sports    Buy Photo  Luke Kennard will throw out a first pitch at Great American Ball Park. (Photo: The Enquirer/Kareem Elgazzar) Buy Photo   
12
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE  Former Franklin High School basketball and current Duke University basketball star Luke Kennard took part in a long video interview with Sports Illustrated's David Gardner as part of USA TODAY Sports' Wooden Watch video series, and spoke for a few minutes about playing Ohio high school basketball as well as his hometown.  Luke Kennard continues hot shooting, lifts Duke past Florida   Here's a transcribed excerpt pertaining to Franklin and hoops in Ohio: Gardner: "Do you feel Ohio is still kind of an underrated state as far as producing basketball talent? ... What do you think about the state of Ohio basketball?" Kennard: "I think Ohio is a really, really big basketball state. I think, like you said, it's produced so many great players. It's the state from where LeBron is - the best player in the world. Yeah, I think it's a really big basketball state. I think I've gotten better from playing competition in Ohio. I know the high school I went to, the division that we were in was a big division. We were Div. II, and there was a lot of good teams. I remember playing against guys that were going to play Div. I college basketball. Again, I thought it helped me a lot playing in Ohio. Gardner: "What's the deal with A&amp;G Pizza? It seemed like after every game you were going there. Their Facebook page is like a shrine to you. They don't say come and watch Duke basketball, they say come and watch Luke this weekend as if the Blue Devils are a secondary concern." Kennard: "That's the spot in Franklin. That's the spot to hang out, watch games, get some good pizza. It's a family environment there. Franklin - it's a small town. It's the kind of thing where everybody knows everybody. Everybody knows what's going on. After Friday night football games, after Friday night basketball games, that was the spot to be. Franklin is a great town. People from back home, they support me. I've heard they stream the games there. I know every time I go back home to visit, I have to visit there and see the people there. I know there's gonna be a lot of people from the town that go there and eat and watch games. It's just good to see people like that and know that they support me." Kennard was Associated Press Mr. Basketball in Ohio his junior and senior years at Franklin.   
TOP VIDEOS
Celebrities from New Orleans, site of the NBA All-Star Game 1:24    NBA has too many All-Star caliber guards 1:04    Cubs star Kris Bryant has had one heck of a year 1:19    NBA will bring star power for All-Star Saturday 0:56    The problem with Germaine de Randamie&#39;s UFC title reign 2:48    Early MLB spring training headlines 1:22    Director Peter Berg dishes on new TV show &#39;QB1: Beyond the Lights&#39; 6:56    Rumor wins Westminster Kennel Club&#39;s Best in Show 0:40    These four NFL players could get a franchise tag 1:40    How to walk a dog at Westminster 1:48    Gonzaga stays atop men&#39;s college basketball poll 1:23    Timeline of Conor McGregor, Floyd Mayweather’s verbal exchanges 2:12    Kevin Love to miss six weeks following surgery 0:46    Daytona 500: What is Speedweeks? 0:41    NFL draft prospect diary: Week 1 0:59    Lance Armstrong handed defeat by federal judge 0:57    Jerry Sandusky&#39;s son charged with child sex abuse 1:24    New York Giants release wide receiver Victor Cruz 1:04    NBA weekend review: Kevin Durant quiets OKC crowd 1:39    Kevin Durant&#39;s return to OKC was &#39;hostile&#39; 1:39    Warriors win in Kevin Durant&#39;s return to Oklahoma City 1:03    Dogs meet cats at Westminster 1:39    NCAA committee reveals its early top 16 seeds 0:58    Tiger Woods withdraws from two PGA Tour events 1:32    Russell Westbrook addresses Kevin Durant&#39;s return to OKC 1:32