Theresa May repeatedly refuses to condemn Donald Trump's immigration ban | The Independent 
News Election 2016 
Americas 
UK 
World 
Europe 
Business 
Voices Comment 
Robert Fisk 
Mark Steel 
Grace Dent 
Holly Baxter 
Campaigns 
Editorials 
Letters 
Sports US sports 
Soccer 
Tennis 
Boxing 
Formula 1 
WWE 
Culture Film 
TV 
Music 
Books 
Lifestyle Fashion 
Food + drink 
Travel 
Health + families 
Love + sex 
Tech Gaming 
Tech culture 
Tech news 
US election 
Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial 
Read Now 
UK Edition 
US Edition 
Sign in 
Register 
Subscriptions 
News Election 2016 
World 
US 
UK 
Europe 
People 
Science 
Health 
Business 
Voices Comment 
Robert Fisk 
Mark Steel 
Grace Dent 
Holly Baxter 
Campaigns 
Editorials 
Letters 
Sports US sports 
Soccer 
Cricket 
Tennis 
Boxing 
Formula 1 
Culture Books 
Film 
TV 
Music 
Art 
Theatre &amp; Dance 
Comedy 
Lifestyle Food &amp; drink 
Health &amp; families 
Love &amp; sex 
Motoring 
Student 
Travel 
Fashion 
Tech Gaming 
Tech culture 
Tech news 
Video Explainer videos 
News videos 
People &amp; culture videos 
Sport videos 
IndyBest Fashion &amp; Beauty 
Homes &amp; Design 
Food &amp; Drink 
Gadgets &amp; Tech 
Outdoor &amp; Activity 
Arts &amp; Books 
Travel 
Money Health insurance 
Investments 
Extras The Independent Books 
Puzzles 
indy100 
Apps 
Ebooks 
iJobs 
Dating 
Follow us: 
We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. 
News  UK  UK Politics  
Theresa May repeatedly refuses to condemn Donald Trump&#039;s immigration ban 
'The United States is responsible for the United States’ policy on refugees,' Prime Minister says 
Joe Watts , Lizzie Dearden 
Ankara     
@JoeWatts_ 
Saturday 28 January 2017 16:18 GMT 
Click to follow Indy Politics 
Popular videos 
Nigel Farage blames Germany for air pollution in UK cities 
Trump only takes questions from right-wing news outlets for third time 
Ice hockey player sent off for 'slashing' referee with his stick 
Trump 'open' to a one-state solution in Israeli-Palestinian conflict 
Theresa May has repeatedly refused to condemn Donald Trump’s ban on refugees and entry for citizens of seven Muslim-majority nations after meeting with Turkish leaders. 
She was speaking just a day after meeting the new President in Washington, where the pair pledged their commitment to the “special relationship” between Britain and the US. 
After agreeing a controversial £100 million fighter jet deal  amid wide-ranging purges and security crackdowns following an attempted coup against President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Ms May held a joint press conference with Prime Minister Binali Yıldırım. 
When May met Trump - five key points from the leaders' press conference 
Their talks were overshadowed by global debate over Mr Trump’s executive order to ban Syrian refugees from entering the US indefinitely, halt all other asylum admissions for 120 days and suspend travel visas for citizens of “countries of particular concern”, including Syria, Iraq and other Muslim-majority nations. 
Read more 
Iraqi refugee targeted for helping US military detained at JFK airport 
May agrees fighter jet deal with Erdogan despite human rights abuse 
Most Isis victims Muslims despite Trump's plan for Christian refugees 
​Faisal Islam, the political editor of Sky News, asked Ms May whether she viewed it as an “action of the leader of the free world”. 
The Prime Minister replied that she was “very pleased” to have met Mr Trump in Washington, before evading the question by hailing Turkey’s reception of millions of refugees and Britain’s support for its government and other nations surrounding Syria. 
When pressed for a second time for her view by another British journalist, Ms May continued: “The United States is responsible for the United States’ policy on refugees, the United Kingdom is responsible for the United Kingdom’s policy on refugees.” 
Yvette Cooper, the former shadow Home Secretary, sent a letter to the Prime Minister urging her to echo condemnation from French and German ministers over the “deeply troubling” executive order. 
Ed Miliband, the former Labour leader, said the Prime Minister's refusal to condemn Mr Trump's Muslim ban “is shocking, wrong and cannot stand”.  
He added: “It flies in the face of the values of people across Britain.” 
Mr Yıldırım was more direct, calling the crisis a global issue and saying that UN members “cannot turn a blind eye to this issue and settle it by constructing walls”. 
“Nobody leaves their homes for nothing, they came here to save their lives and our doors were open…and we would do it again,” he added. “If there is someone in need, you need to give them a helping hand to make sure they survive.” 
The controversial orders Donald Trump has already issued 
10 
show all 
The controversial orders Donald Trump has already issued 
1/10 
Trump and abortion     
Protesters flood Independence Avenue during the Women's March 
Getty 
2/10 
Trump and abortion     
US President Donald Trump signs an executive order as Chief of Staff Reince Priebus looks on in the Oval Office of the White House 
Getty Images 
3/10 
Trump and 'Obamacare'     
Nancy Pelosi who is the minority leader of the House of Representatives speaks beside House Democrats at an event to protect the Affordable Care Act in Los Angeles, California. The Republican-led US Senate has launched their much-anticipated effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act by passing a budget blueprint which would allow them to begin rolling back the health care reforms 
Getty Images 
4/10 
Trump and the Dakota Access pipeline     
Opponents of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines hold a rally as they protest US President Donald Trump's executive orders advancing their construction, at Columbus Circle in New York. US President Donald Trump signed executive orders reviving the construction of two controversial oil pipelines, but said the projects would be subject to renegotiation 
Getty Images 
5/10 
Trump and the Dakota Access pipeline     
US actress and political activist Jane Fonda attends a rally with opponents of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines as they protest US President Donald Trump's executive orders advancing their construction, at Columbus Circle in New York 
Getty Images 
6/10 
Trump and the Trans-Pacific Partnership     
Union leaders applaud US President Donald Trump for signing an executive order withdrawing the US from the Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiations during a meeting in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington DC 
Getty 
7/10 
Trump and the Mexico wall     
People protest against US President Donald Trump's inauguration next to a fake wall with a Mexican national flag and a dummy representing him in Mexico City 
Getty Images 
8/10 
Trump and the media     
White House spokesman Sean Spicer arrives to speak at the daily press briefing at the White House in Washington DC 
Getty Images 
9/10 
Trump and the media     
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer takes questions during the daily press briefing 
Getty Images 
10/10 
Trump and the Mexico wall     
A US Border Patrol vehicle sits waiting for illegal immigrants at a fence opening near the US-Mexico border near McAllen, Texas. The number of incoming immigrants has surged ahead of the upcoming Presidential inauguration of Donald Trump, who has pledged to build a wall along the US-Mexico border 
Getty Images 
The Turkish Prime Minister brushed aside a question about wide-ranging human rights abuses in Turkey following the summer’s attempted coup, seeing thousands of people arrested or forced to leave government and military posts amid reports of torture in state prisons. 
Ms May also evaded questions on her ally’s alleged abuses in the press conference, but had earlier urged Mr Erdogan to “sustain democracy by maintaining the rule of law and upholding its international human rights obligations”. 
Read more 
Most Isis victims Muslims despite Trump's plan for Christian refugees 
She and Mr Erdogan also discussed counter-terrorism, security, trade and migration in talks which stretched for an hour longer than scheduled. 
Turkey has seen a succession of terror attacks by both Isis and Kurdish extremist groups since the start of the Syrian civil war, which caused millions of refugees to cross its border. 
The US was among the countries resettling families from designated camps but Mr Trump has suspended all refugee admissions to the US for 120 days as part of measures he claimed would “keep radical Islamic terrorists out of the US”. 
His order additionally banned Syrian refugees indefinitely until “significant changes” are made, and halved the annual cap on refugees to 50,000. 
The President's executive order also suspends travel visas for anyone from seven predominantly Muslim countries, including Syria, Iraq, Libya and Iran, from entering the US for at least 90 days.  
He claimed his administration needed time to develop more stringent screening processes for refugees, immigrants and visitors. 
It provoked outcry from the United Nations and NGOs working to stem the worst ever global refugee crisis, with more than 65 million people forced to flee their homes. 
Amnesty International warned the move could have “catastrophic consequences”, saying some of the worst fears about a Trump presidency were already being realised. 
Salil Shetty, the group’s secretary general, said: “These men, women and children are the victims of the same terror President Trump claims he wants to fight against. The irony beggars belief.” 
More about:
Theresa May 
Donald Trump 
Reuse content 
Comments 
Most Popular 
Video 
Sponsored Features 
Follow us: 
User Policies 
Privacy Policy 
Cookie Policy 
Code of Conduct 
Complaint Form 
Contact Us 
Contributors 
All Topics 
Archive 
Newsletters 
Jobs 
Subscriptions 
Advertising Guide 
Syndication 
Evening Standard 
Novaya Gazeta 
Install our Apps 
Close 
We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. 
Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. 
Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. 
Thank you for your support. 
How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk 
Adblock / Adblock Plus 
Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. 
On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". 
On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk ". 
Firefox Tracking Protection 
If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. 
Ghostery 
Click the Ghostery icon. 
In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". 
In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. 
In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". 
Click "reload the page to see your changes". 
uBlock 
Click the uBlock icon. 
Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. 
Then reload the page. 
Close 
Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk   
Continue to our site