India vs England 2nd T20I: Nehra, Jasprit Bumrah star as India seal last-ball thriller          
Indiatimes | The Times of India | The Economic Times  :  HI,   My Times LOGOUT  Sign In          Sports         More   Beauty Pageants Photos Videos  More   Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum     Times of India More  Home Home  Videos  Videos News Entertainment Celebs Movies Lifestyle Sports Tech Business Auto Funny    City   METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun  Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur  Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam   India    World  World US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East New to Canada Rest of World Mad, Mad World Photos Videos  FOLLOW WORLD     Business  Business India Business International Business Sector Impact Markets Photos Videos  FOLLOW BUSINESS      Tech  Tech News Gadgets Reviews Slideshows Videos How to Featured  FOLLOW TECHNOLOGY        Cricket  Cricket News Results Fixtures Columns Photos Live Cricket Score  FOLLOW CRICBUZZ      Sports  Sports IPL Cricket Football Tennis Hockey Golf Racing NBA SFL Badminton Boxing Chess South Africa in India More sports Other Sports Photos Videos  FOLLOW SPORTS      Entertainment  Entertainment Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Punjabi Marathi Bhojpuri Gujarati  Movie Reviews Music Beauty Pageants Photos Videos  FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT       TV  TV News News Trade News TV Listings Movies on TV Specials Photos Videos  Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Marathi Bengali Gujarati    Life &amp; Style  Life &amp; Style Relationships Health &amp; Fitness Listen To Your Sugar Beauty Spotlight Food Books Home &amp; Garden Fashion Every Heart Counts Homeopathy Photos Videos  FOLLOW LIFE &amp; STYLE      Blogs Photos  Photos Movies Celebs Fashion Beauty Pageants Awards Events TV Sports Gadgets News  FOLLOW PHOTOS      ePaper Times Now Live TV Apps Coupons All Sections ALL   News  &raquo; 2nd T20I: Nehra, Bumrah star as India seal last-ball thriller    Broom 73 lifts New Zealand to challenging total  Mumbai cricket fraternity remembers 'jovial' Sawant Back injury forces Wade to miss captaincy debut Bumrah-Nehra partnership paves way for India's success Couple of decisions didn't go our way: Morgan Bumrah's nerveless final over helps India level series Dravid's India U-19 seek detour in England one-dayers Weakened Australia begin Chappell-Hadlee defence T20 Zonal League, Day 1 wrap: Rahane stars in Mumbai win India U-19 trainer Rajesh Sawant passes away   Broom 73 lifts New Zealand to challenging total  Mumbai cricket fraternity remembers 'jovial' Sawant Back injury forces Wade to miss captaincy debut Bumrah-Nehra partnership paves way for India's success Couple of decisions didn't go our way: Morgan Bumrah's nerveless final over helps India level series Dravid's India U-19 seek detour in England one-dayers Weakened Australia begin Chappell-Hadlee defence T20 Zonal League, Day 1 wrap: Rahane stars in Mumbai win India U-19 trainer Rajesh Sawant passes away  2nd T20I | 29 Jan, 2017 ENG 139/6 20 Ov Scorecard  IND 144/8 20 Ov India won by 5 runs  2nd Unofficial ODI | 29 Jan, 2017 ZIMA 126 27.5 Ov Scorecard  AFGA 208 47.3 Ov Afghanistan A won by 55 runs (DLS method-Match reduced to 31 overs due to rain)  1st ODI | 28 Jan, 2017 RSA 185/2 34.2 Ov Scorecard  SL 181 48.3 Ov South Africa won by 8 wkts   SAURASHTRA vs MAHARASHTRA 30 Jan, 2017 11:00 IST West Zone, Vadodara Zonal T20 League, 2017 Maharashtra opt to bat  MUMBAI vs GUJARAT 30 Jan, 2017 11:00 IST West Zone, Vadodara Zonal T20 League, 2017   SERVICES vs JK 30 Jan, 2017 11:00 IST North Zone, Nadaun Zonal T20 League, 2017 Jammu and Kashmir opt to bowl  1st ODI | 30 Jan, 2017 AUS 244/9 44.1 Ov Scorecard  NZ 286/9 50 Ov Australia need 43 runs in 35 balls  1st Youth ODI | 30 Jan, 2017 ENGU19 98/3 25.1 Ov Scorecard  INDU19  India U19 opt to bowl  Central Zone | 30 Jan, 2017 RAJASTHAN 4/0 1.1 Ov Scorecard  MP 159/7 20 Ov Rajasthan need 156 runs   Cricbuzz Staff BBL 2016-17: Team of the tournament   Cricbuzz Staff WBBL 02: Team of the tournament   Anand Vasu Shekar Naik's Story: First blind cricketer to win Padma Shri   Anand Vasu 'Each cricketer is an ambassador for their cause'   India vs England, 2nd T20I   South Africa vs Sri Lanka, 1st ODI   Perth Scorchers v Sydney Sixers, Big Bash Final   Sydney Sixers vs Perth Scorchers, WBBL Final   India vs England, 1st T20I   Australia v Pakistan, 5th ODI    India vs England: 1st T20   India vs England: 3rd ODI   India vs England: 2nd ODI   India vs England: 1st ODI   Dhoni: He came, he conquered!   SC removes Thakur as BCCI president   Yuvraj meets cancer patients   'Dhoni most intelligent cricketer'   Azhar's nomination rejected   Yuvraj
Singh pays tribute to MS Dhoni as captain, shares video highlighting friendship   Ronaldo wins FIFA best player award   Azhar to contest for HCA post        2nd T20I: Nehra, Bumrah star as India seal last-ball thriller Feroz Khan India beat England in a last-ball thriller to win the second T20I by five runs to draw level at 1-1 in the three-match series in Nagpur on Sunday. Chasing 145, England managed 139/6 as Bumrah held his nerves to defend seven runs in the final over. | TNN | Updated: Jan 30, 2017, 11.09 AM IST     Highlights  Chasing 145, England managed 139/6 in 20 overs Nehra and Bumrah shared five wickets between them India have now drawn level at 1-1 in the three-match series   
NEW DELHI: India beat England at their own game by delivering a masterclass on death bowling with the duo of Ashish Nehra (3/28) and Jasprit Bumrah (2/20) combining to defend a modest total in the second T20I of the three-match series to help their side draw level on Sunday. Helped by KL Rahul 's well-crafted 71, India put up 144/8 and then restricted England to 139/6 to pull off an epic five-run win at the Vidarbha Cricket Association Stadium in Jamtha.
The foundation of the thrilling finish was laid by old warhorse Nehra who turned the tables by bowling a terrific 17th over. England needed 32 from 24 before Nehra began the over and he not only prised out the wicket of dangerman Ben Stokes (38) but also plugged the leak of runs, allowing just five in it. His younger protege Bumrah took cue and tightened the noose further by delivering four dot balls in an over from which Jos Buttler and Joe Root could only muster a single and a couple. With two runs needed per ball to seal a series clinching win, Buttler pulled a short delivery to midwicket region for a four and launched the final ball over long-on for a six to cream 16 runs from the Nehra over.
It fell to Bumrah to defend seven in the final over and he came out with flying colours. He trapped Root lbw first ball and then castled Buttler (15) to land the finishing blow. With six needed from the final delivery, Moeen Ali failed to connect as India kept the series alive.
It was Nehra who gave India a head start in the defense by getting rid of both England openers Sam Billings (12) and Jason Roy (10) in one over. When the visitors looked to have recovered from those early blows, Amit Mishra, who replaced Parvez Rasool in the playing XI, struck with the wicket of Eoin Morgan (17), leaving them at 65/3 in 10.1 overs. He could have given India an upperhand had he not overstepped in the same over - Stokes was bowled first ball but replay showed Mishra had bowled a no ball. Stokes ended up with 38 runs and giving India a major scare.
On a wicket where scoring runs wasn't a cakewalk, KL Rahul marked his return to form with a well-crafted 71 but England kept India to a modest total. Chris Jordan starred for the visitors with figures of 3/22 as their bowlers delivered yet another strong performance.
India recovered from early blows thanks largely to Rahul's maiden T20I fifty and his fourth-wicket association with Manish Pandey who contributed 30 runs after Morgan sent them in.
Jordan was in the thick of action early on as he celebrated the big scalp of opposition skipper Virat Kohli . After a miscued four to third man and a close lbw shout turned down, Kohli stepped up with a stunning six over long-off followed by a four through square off Tymal Mills . He had raced to 21 off 14 when Jordan outwitted him with a slower delivery to have him out caught at long-on. India scored 46 runs in the powerplay overs at the cost of one wicket.
England included an extra spinner in Liam Dawson considering the long Jamtha boundaries but it was the pair of Adil Rashid and Moeen Ali who made early inroads with the wickets of Suresh Raina (7) and Yuvraj Singh (4) respectively leaving India at 69/3 in 10.3 overs.
That brought Rahul and Pandey together and they wriggled India out of the testing phase with a 56-run stand. Rahul left behind a series of poor scores in limited-overs cricket to steer the innings cleverly. Having understood that boundaries won't come easy, he resorted to dealing in singles and doubles to keep the scorecard ticking. And when there was an opportunity, he wasn't averse to go for the big shots. He managed to hit two sixes, both coming against spinners.
A single took him to his first half-century in T20Is and then he stepped on the gas pedal with two consecutive fours off Rashid. At the other end, Pandey was holding his ground but failed to find boundaries. With the innings approaching end, he went for the kill. An edge flew past the third man region went for four but then picked out Ben Stokes at deep midwicket to be caught for 71, off Jordan.
With Rahul back in the dugout, the job of scoring quickly fell to a set Pandey who dazzled with a six over long-on boundary but was cleaned up next ball by Tymal Mills for his only wicket of the innings.
India must have expected some late fireworks from MS Dhoni but he was also kept quiet before Jordan castled him off the final delivery for 5 as England allowed just 36 runs in the final five overs with 10 of those coming in the penultimate over.
Brief Scores: India 
144/8 (KL Rahul 71, Manish Pandey 30; Chris Jordan 3/22) beat
England 
139/6 (Stokes 38, Root 38; Nehra 3/28, Bumrah 3/20) by five runs
Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device.  RELATED 
From around the web   Earn ~ 10% / yr rent + capital appreciation in Commercial RE PROPERTY SHARE  10 Ridiculously Weird Things You Can Buy Online BabyAxis  10 highest tax payers in Bollywood CRITICSUNION  More from The Times of India  CID's Inspector Purvi is holidaying in Dubai, see pics  ‘Sleep with a brahmin to rid yourself of doshas'  George Clooney, wife Amal ready for $300 million divorce?  
From the Web More From The Times of India   7 bollywood celebrities with royal background CRITICSUNION  Help this student recover from Brain Damage! Milaap  New tower launch @ Lodha World Towers - 3,4&5 beds @ 9cr+ Lodha World Towers - Mumbai  10 people worst affected by Modi's anti corruption campaign CRITICSUNION  Without your help he wont survive cancer! Milaap   NRI woman trapped men to get money to marry one she loved  Satnam Singh drafted in NBA, selected by Dallas Mavericks  Farhan Akhtar, Adhuna Bhabani attend counselling session  All is well between Tejashree and Shashank?  Harry Potter actress Afshan Azad to visit India in September  
View comments  Post a comment    All Comments ( )  + ^ Back to Top    Characters Remaining: 3000   Continue without login   or Login from existing account Facebook Google Email   Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter  Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive . Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE +  All Comments Your Activity Sort UpVoted Newest Oldest Discussed Down Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message           
Follow / Like us at 
@TOISportsNews  Most Popular   2016 in review: From Sindhu to Aditi, year of the woman Six inspirational women put the Indian sport in the limelight in 2016, making it a year to remember and cherish.   Ball-tampering allegations just to take focus away from series: Kohli Indian skipper Virat Kohli rubbished the ball-tampering allegations of a British tabloid, saying that it is an attempt to take focus away from the series and a newspaper article doesn't matter over ICC's decision.   SCORECARD: Cricketer scores 160, teammates 0, team total 169 Swart managed 160, and with nine extra Mpumalanga posted 169. The rest of the team combined for a grand total of 0. Apart from Swart, who opened the innings, each one of her team-mates who came out to bat remarkably failed to open their accounts.     
Bollywood stars who went on to shine in Hollywood films Ad: CRITICSUNION  
Federer beats Nadal in five-set thriller to win Australian Open  Roger Federer prevailed 6-4, 3-6, 6-1, 3-6, 6-3 after a rollercoaster ride of a 35th chapter of his rivalry with Rafa Nadal to win his fifth Australian Open and clinch a first Grand Slam title in four and a half years.   Serena Williams wins Australian Open for 23rd Grand Slam crown  Serena Williams pushed sentiments aside in an emotion-charged 6-4, 6-4 defeat of sister Venus to win the Australian Open and a record 23rd Grand Slam title in the professional era.   
From around the Web   This mother needs help to save her daughter! Milaap  
15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancer  13-yr-old Ashwini needs help to fight Cancer! Milaap  Pre-Launch Lodha Palava Central Park 1,2&3 BHK @ 37 Lac+ Lodha Palava City  More From The Times of India  Indian-origin couple fight on space ticket in divorce battle Times of India  The Indira Gandhi the world will never know TOI Website  Anant Ambani sheds 108 kilos, stuns family and friends TOI Website  
Read More Yuvraj Singh Virat Kohli Tymal Mills Suresh Raina Moeen Ali   Navbharat Times  Featured Today In Travel  From our Global Partners         Kothrud boy Kedar Jadhav new star on cricket pitch   India v England, 2nd T20I: Jordan banking on IPL experience   India v England, 2nd T20I: Big grounds make a difference, says Chahal     1 2nd T20I: Nehra, Bumrah star as India seal last-ball thriller  2 Kothrud boy Kedar Jadhav new star on cricket pitch  3 India v England, 2nd T20I: Jordan banking on IPL experience  4 India v England, 2nd T20I: Big grounds make a difference, says Chahal        About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap  Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile  Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives   Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes  Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | BMC Election 2017 | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | PMC Election 2017 | India Budget 2017 News  FOLLOW US ON     Top Trends  Live Updates: UP Elections 2017 Budget 2017 Expectations Elections 2017  Budget 2017 News Live Updates: Budget 2017 Bigg Boss 10  Raees Collection Kaabil Collection Live:Punjab Election 2017   Copyright &copy; 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service  `