NMSU basketball brings home game to Albuquerque metro area            /">   SUBSCRIBE NOW AS LOW AS $19.99 PER YEAR     Home   News   Sports   Business   Entertainment   Lifestyle   Opinion   Obituaries   Missile Ranger   Insider   USA Today   media   More  Home News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Obituaries Missile Ranger Insider USA Today media    social    Follow    search   Firefly  Hi  Already a subscriber? Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings. My Account  View the E-Newspaper  Manage your Newsletters  Chat Support  Chat Support  Log Out       Get the news Log In or Subscribe to skip  Already a subscriber? Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access.      
47
Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about  Facebook Email Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest  NMSU basketball brings home game to Albuquerque metro area LAS CRUCES – For the second consecutive year, New Mexico State men’s basketball will bring a home game to the Albuquerque metro area.    Post to Facebook    NMSU basketball brings home game to Albuquerque metro area &#13;&#13;LAS CRUCES – For the second consecutive year, New Mexico State men’s basketball will bring a home game to the Albuquerque metro area. &#13;&#13;Check out this story on lcsun-news.com: http://lcsun.co/2jH3Wac 
{#
#}
Cancel Send  Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address.  Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.    Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs       Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access.     NMSU basketball brings home game to Albuquerque metro area  Mark Rudi , Las Cruces Sun-News 
4:42 p.m. MT Jan. 29, 2017
Buy Photo  Ian Baker (4) and the New Mexico State Aggies face Northern New Mexico in Rio Rancho Monday night. (Photo: Josh Bachman/Sun-News) Buy Photo   
47
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE  LAS CRUCES – For the second consecutive year, New Mexico State men’s basketball will bring a home game to the Albuquerque metro area. After last season’s successful event, the Aggies will face Northern New Mexico of the NAIA on Monday night at the Santa Ana Star Center in Rio Rancho. Last year’s game at the Star Center drew 2,300 fans to see the Aggies beat Northern New Mexico 85-54. NMSU Director of Athletics Mario Moccia said the Albuquerque area is critical for the university since it has the greatest concentration of NMSU alumni. And, it gives fans in the northern part of the state a chance to see the Aggies, since some of those fans may not have a lot of opportunities to come to Las Cruces to see a game. “I think being in the state, we also have a great opportunity to turn those alums into athletic donors,” Moccia said. “It’s great whenever you can expose New Mexico State to your largest group of alums. Especially within that, I think your No. 1 product that you have going on right now is men’s basketball at 20-2, (getting votes) in the USA Today Coaches Poll. Hopefully it’s a big deal. “There’s no other competition on a Monday night, and we’re right in the backyard, so you don’t have to drive three hours to Las Cruces. You can get a great seat and a very inexpensive ticket as well.” According to the Star Center's website , tickets range from $5-$20 in the main seating bowl. NMSU is renting the Star Center for $12,000 and Moccia said they were in the black, but not by much, after last year’s event. With the way NMSU’s budget is, Moccia is hoping, at a minimum, NMSU breaks even on the event and is expecting a big walk-up crowd, just like last year. “I think it’s a great marketing idea and it reaches a lot of alums,” Moccia said. “Here, you kind of have to have a return with the way our budget is. We are anticipating at a minimum, in order to do this, when it’s all said and done, at least breaking even. That includes the team staying in the hotel, the buses, etc. So, we took all of that into account and hopefully at a minimum, we’ll break even.” The Aggies go into Monday night riding the nation’s second-longest win streak at 18 after NMSU’s 74-69 win at Utah Valley on Saturday night. The Aggies, who are 7-0 in Western Athletic Conference play, will play their third game in five nights Monday. NMSU doesn’t have a Thursday game this week and hosts Chicago State Saturday night at the Pan American Center. “I think it’s good for us,” NMSU coach Paul Weir said about Monday night’s game. “It’ll be our third game in five days, and I think it’s good for us to work through these stretches as the season unfolds. Particularly with (no Thursday game), it’s good to get another game under our belt. Go on the road in another new arena and new environment and find ways to be successful. I think it’s a great opportunity to grow and develop as a team. “To be able to give (the fans in the northern part of the state) the opportunity to support us is something Mario has wanted to do and we’re happy to do it.” Weir said they will prepare for the 4-20 Eagles like the Aggies would any other game. “I wouldn’t want to lose that rhythm,” Weir said. “Right now, we’ll prepare like every other game and let the game unfold how it may.” Mark Rudi can be reached at 575-541-5455, mrudi@lcsun-news.com or on Twitter @mrudi19 .  If you go  What: New Mexico State men’s basketball Who: Northern New Mexico (4-20) vs. NMSU (20-2, 7-0 Western Athletic Conference) When: 7 p.m., Monday. Where: Rio Rancho (Santa Ana Star Center) TV: None Online: None Radio: KXPZ-FM 99.5 and the Tune In Radio app (Search New Mexico St. Aggies)   
47
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE    
More Stories
UTSA tops NMSU softball in series finale 
Feb. 12, 2017, 5:22 p.m.
Las Cruces boys pick up much needed win over Oñate 
Feb. 14, 2017, 10:28 p.m.
Second-half Grand Canyon run sinks Aggies on the road 
Feb. 11, 2017, 10:18 p.m.