F-F 5 Things to Watch, Jan. 30-Feb. 4           /">      home   York-Adams   franklin-fulton   lancaster-lebanon   Scoreboard   Football Preview   Livestreams   Standings   Media   More  home York-Adams franklin-fulton lancaster-lebanon Scoreboard Football Preview Livestreams Standings Media    social    Follow   search       Get the news Log In or Subscribe to skip  Already a subscriber? Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access.      
10
Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about  Facebook Email Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest  F-F 5 Things to Watch, Jan. 30-Feb. 4 Don't miss these top five events around Franklin-Fulton counties as teams prepare for the postseason.    Post to Facebook    F-F 5 Things to Watch, Jan. 30-Feb. 4 &#13;&#13;Don't miss these top five events around Franklin-Fulton counties as teams prepare for the postseason. &#13;&#13;Check out this story on gametimepa.com: http://gtpa.co/2jLPcUK 
{#
#}
Cancel Send  Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address.  Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.    Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs       F-F 5 Things to Watch, Jan. 30-Feb. 4   Lindsey Smith , lismith@GameTimePA.com 
Published 7:49 p.m. ET Jan. 29, 2017 | Updated 8:31 p.m. ET Jan. 29, 2017      CLOSE   Skip in  Skip  x Embed   x Share         
Check out the top 10 plays from the non-league doubleheader between McConnellsburg and Shalom Christian.
Video by Lindsey Smith    Buy Photo  Camron Hileman (20) and the Greencastle-Antrim Blue Devils look to clinch the Mid Penn Colonial Division title on Tuesday with a win over Shippensburg. (Photo: John Freeman, For GameTimePA.com) Buy Photo   
10
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE  This week a trio of Franklin County teams can clinch Mid Penn Colonial Division titles, and another career milestone is on the horizon for one Fulton County player. Keep up with all of the action on GameTimePA.com and don't miss these top 5 things to watch around Franklin-Fulton. TUESDAY Greencastle-Antrim boys and girls hoops can clinch Colonial Division crowns:  Tuesday, the Greencastle boys travel to Shippensburg, while the girls welcome the Lady Hounds in a pair all-important Mid Penn Colonial Division matchups. Both the Greencastle boys (14-5, 10-0 MPC) and girls (15-3, 10-0 MPC) teams have a chance to claim the Colonial titles with wins over Shippensburg, or if Waynesboro loses to Boiling Springs on Tuesday. Both teams sit atop the Colonial Division with perfect 10-0 records, and both handled the Greyhounds earlier this season outscoring Ship by a combined 39 points. But don't count the Shippensburg (12-5, 7-3 MPC) boys out just yet. The Hounds are the reigning two-time Colonial Division champions, and will likely not allow Greencastle to take that title without a fight. District 3 Class 3A Team Wrestling Championships: Two Franklin County teams qualified for the district team championships – Chambersburg and Shippensburg. It’s the first time the Greyhounds have ever reached the team tournament. Chambersburg (11-4) earned the No. 13 seed and will travel to Cedar Cliff to face the No. 4 Colts (16-0). The match is at 6 p.m. and the winner will go against the winner of No. 5 Cumberland Valley (11-3) and No. 12 Lower Dauphin (14-4) in a quarterfinal immediately following the first round. Ship (9-2) captured the No. 11 seed and will travel to Spring Grove to take on No. 6 Dallastown (12-3). The winner will take on the winner of No. 3 Spring Grove (14-1) and No. 14 Governor Mifflin (13-6). Semifinals are Thursday at Spring Grove and the final is Saturday at Milton Hershey.   GAMETIMEPA Unofficial Disrict 3 team wrestling pairings released   Shippensburg girls swim team can win Colonial Division title: Last week the Shippensburg girls swim team clinched at least a share of the Mid Penn Colonial Division title with a win over James Buchanan to advance their season record to an impressive 9-0. It was the first time since 2002 that the Lady Hounds earned a share of the division championship, and Tuesday, they have a chance to earn the outright title against Big Spring. Although Shippensburg (9-0, 4-0 MPC) has not faced Big Spring this season, the Lady Hounds had a nice showing at the Bulldog Bash Invitational early in the season as the team claimed a third place out of 19 teams. Southern Fulton girls basketball vs. Tussey Mountain, 7:30: Not only will Tuesday's Sideling Hill League/Inter-County Conference game against Tussey Mountain be an important game for the Indians to win, but it will also likely be another career night for Southern Fulton senior Olivia Mottern.   Buy Photo Olivia Mottern, Southern Fulton girls basketball (Photo: File, GameTimePA.com)  Mottern is just 38 points away from breaking the school's all-time scoring record, and has a good chance to hit the mark Tuesday against Tussey Mountain. The Indians play Southern Huntingdon in another SHL/ICC game Monday, which will bring Mottern within reach for Tuesday's home game. Southern Fulton (10-5, 8-3 SHL, 7-3 ICC) also suffered a tough 57-38 loss to Tussey earlier in the season that the Indians will want to get back. WEDNESDAY Cumberland Valley boys basketball at Chambersburg, 7:30: Chambersburg closes out its home slate in an all-important Mid Penn Commonwealth Division game against Cumberland Valley on Wednesday.   Buy Photo Evan Shreffler (21) and the Chambersburg Trojans have two big games this week as they look to improve their District 3 standings. (Photo: Noelle Haro-Gomez, GameTimePA.com)  Although the Trojans are too far back to make a push in the Commonwealth, Chambersburg must use its last three games of the regular season to push for a higher seed in the District 3 Class 6A tournament. Over the weekend, Chambersburg (11-7, 4-7 MPC) jumped from the last playoff spot at No. 12, to No. 9 in the district. A win over Cumberland Valley, and a good showing against No. 4 Harrisburg on Friday could improve Chambersburg's chances at a more favorable postseason pairing.   GAMETIMEPA Cade Whitfield has a big night in honor of his brother   
10
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE  Read or Share this story: http://gtpa.co/2jLPcUK