Friendly Reminder: Obama Selected The List Of Muslim Countries in Trump’s Executive Order - Matt Vespa 
× 
Columnists 
Tipsheet 
Cartoons 
Radio News 
Election Results 
Sections 
Notebook 
Election Results 
Poll Tracker 
Slideshows 
Video 
Watchdog 
Newsletters 
Topics 
Sites 
Hot Air 
Bearing Arms 
Twitchy 
RedState 
Human Events 
Townhall Finance 
Conservative Radio 
Friendly Reminder: Obama Selected The List Of Muslim Countries in Trump’s Executive Order 
Share 
Tweet 
Analysis: On the Media Panic Over Conservative Outlets&#39; Trump Presser Questions 
Analysis: Trump Clearly Planned and Enjoyed Hitting Press at Today&#39;s Combative News Conference 
House Oversight Chairman Asks DOJ Inspector General to Investigate Flynn Leaks 
Major Insurer CEO&#39;s Brutal Obamacare Assessment: &quot;It is in a Death Spiral&quot; 
On The Hunt: &quot;We&#39;re Going to Find The Leakers And They&#39;re Going to Pay a Big Price&quot; 
Trump Addresses Russian Ship Off U.S. Coast: Best Thing I Could Do is Shoot It Out Of The Water 
Trump to Issue New Executive Action on Illegal Immigration, Travel Ban Next Week 
UPDATE: We Have a Name; President Trump to Announce New Labor Secretary Nominee Thursday in First Solo Press Conference 
&#39;Saturday Night Live&#39; Smears Kellyanne 
Partisan Lines Stay Fixed Amid Trump Turmoil 
&#39;Passionate Intensity&#39; Has Brought About Political Consequences 
The Left&#39;s All-Out War on Trump 
Patriotism, Not Nationalism 
Do 62 Million Lives Matter? 
Drug Price Debate Lets Trump Reclaim “Free Market” from Donor Class 
Townhall 
tipsheet 
Matt Vespa 
Friendly Reminder: Obama Selected The List Of Muslim Countries in Trump’s Executive Order 
Matt Vespa 
| 
Posted: Jan 29, 2017 9:00 AM 
Share 
Tweet 
As the Left and some Republicans lose their minds over President Donald J. Trump’s executive order on immigration, let’s not forget that the list of concerned countries that the Trump administration outlined in the order is based on the one signed into law by the former Obama administration. So, it looks like the Obama White House set the groundwork (via Mic News ): 
According to the draft copy of Trump's executive order, the countries whose citizens are barred entirely from entering the United States is based on a bill that Obama signed into law in December 2015. 
Obama signed the Visa Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act as part of an omnibus spending bill. The legislation restricted access to the Visa Waiver Program, which allows citizens from 38 countries who are visiting the United States for less than 90 days to enter without a visa. 
Though outside groups such as the American Civil Liberties Union and NIAC Action &mdash; the sister organization of the National Iranian American Council &mdash; opposed the act, the bipartisan bill passed through Congress with little pushback. 
At the initial signing of the restrictions, foreigners who would normally be deemed eligible for a visa waiver were denied if they had visited Iran, Syria, Sudan or Iraq in the past five years or held dual citizenship from one of those countries. 
In February 2016, the Obama administration added Libya, Somali and Yemen to the list of countries one could not have visited &mdash; but allowed dual citizens of those countries who had not traveled there access to the Visa Waiver Program. Dual citizens of Syria, Sudan, Iraq and Iran are still ineligible, however. 
So, in a nutshell, Obama restricted visa waivers for those seven Muslim-majority countries &mdash; Iran, Iraq, Syria, Sudan, Somalia, Libya and Yemen &mdash; and now, Trump is looking to bar immigration and visitors from the same list of countries. 
Yet, I don’t remember the Left freaking out over this. I certainly don’t remember them going indiscriminately insane when the Obama White House stopped processing Iraqi visas for six months in 2011 when&mdash;surprise! &mdash;Al-Qaeda operatives feigned refugee status to get relocated to Bowling Green, Kentucky. And yes, some of the visa applicants who were screwed over worked as intelligence assets and interpreters for the U.S. military, according to ABC News. But remember, there was a Democrat in the Oval Office, so it was okay at the time. 
Here’s the text of the order. 
Via The Atlantic this is what it will and will not do . Most importantly, the publication adds that this technically isn’t a Muslim ban, as people from Indonesia, the world’s most populous Muslim country, can still visit the country: 
Who is affected? 
For 120 days, the order bars the entry of any refugee who is awaiting resettlement in the U.S. It also prohibits all Syrian refugees from entering the U.S. until further notice. Additionally, it bans the citizens of seven countries&mdash;Iraq, Iran, Syria, Somalia, Sudan, Libya, and Yemen&mdash;from entering the U.S. on any visa category. This appears to include those individuals who are permanent residents of the U.S. (green-card holders) who may have been traveling overseas to visit family or for work&mdash;though their applications will be considered on a case-by-case basis, a senior administration official said Saturday. 
[&hellip;] 
Is this a Muslim ban? 
Technically no. The ban includes seven majority Muslim countries, but by no means are these states the most populous Muslim countries, nor are they among the top sources of Muslim immigration to the U.S., nor have they produced terrorists in the same numbers as other Muslim countries not on the list. 
So, it’s not really a Muslim ban and the nations that Trump listed are the ones that were drafted by Obama. 
Remember all the outrage in 2004 when George W. Bush established "extreme vetting" for 34 Muslim-majority countries? And Obama continued? pic.twitter.com/GALsMXhi5y &mdash; Patrick Poole (@pspoole) January 28, 2017 
If you believe most Muslims are peaceful allies, why on earth would you assume a simple EO would turn them into enablers of terrorism? &mdash; Sean Davis (@seanmdav) January 29, 2017 
Syria, Iraq, Libya, Yemen, Sudan, Somalia, Iran. With exception of Iran, NONE have functioning central governments. How can we vet fully? &mdash; GregGutfeld (@greggutfeld) January 29, 2017 
We can't. Even the Obama admin acknowledged this, which is why the Obama admin (not Trump) picked those countries. https://t.co/5YXZK9sjWB &mdash; Sean Davis (@seanmdav) January 29, 2017 
Share this on Facebook 
Tweet  
National Security Advisor Replacement Robert Harward Turns Down Job 
Justin Holcomb | 
Pass The Advil: It’s Way Too Early To Talk About 2020, Even With Trump Beating Warren 
Matt Vespa | 
Date Announced For The "A Day Without A Woman" Strike 
Christine Rousselle | 
'A Day Without Immigrants' Boycott Shutters Restaurants Across the Country 
Cortney O&#39;Brien | 
Peak Tantrum: Anti-Trumpers Planning To Commit Tax Evasion To Defy White House 
Matt Vespa | 
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 
Recommended 
Partisan Lines Stay Fixed Amid Trump Turmoil 
Michael Barone
Where Have All the Liberal Democrats Gone? 
John Kass
The “Privilege” of Abortion Mogul Cecile Richards 
Ryan Bomberger
CARTOONS | Henry Payne 
View Cartoon  
Most Popular 
Former CIA Analyst: Yes, Former Obama Officials Were ‘Directly Involved’ In The Effort to Remove Flynn (And I'll Say Their Names) 
Matt Vespa
What Boycott? Ivanka Trump Fragrance Hits No. 1 On Amazon 
Christine Rousselle
The Left's All-Out War on Trump 
David Limbaugh
Trending on Townhall Media 
Yum blames Pizza Hut's problems on weak image for delivery 
Townhall Finance
National Sporting Goods Store is Filing For Bankruptcy 
Bearing Arms
CNN survey says &#039;fake news&#039; label isn&#039;t sticking, network&#039;s brand is as strong as ever 
Twitchy
The Silence of the Lambs Congress | Human Events 
Human Events
Former CIA Analyst: Yes, Former Obama Officials Were ‘Directly Involved’ In The Effort to Remove Flynn (And I'll Say Their Names) 
Townhall 
House Oversight Chairman Chaffetz refers Bryan Pagliano to DOJ for charges - Hot Air 
Hotair 
WHOA: Harward Calls National Security Adviser Offer a &quot;Sh** Sandwich&quot;, Says CNN | RedState 
Redstate 
Columnists 
Political Cartoons 
Tipsheet 
Election Results 
Radio News 
Video 
Slideshows 
Tags 
Finance 
Townhall Radio 
About Townhall 
Advertise 
Privacy Policy 
Terms of Use 
Radio Stations 
Sitemap 
Jobs 
Contact Us 
Newsletters 
Townhall Mobile 
iPhone/Android Apps 
Townhall.com is the leading source for conservative news and political commentary and analysis. 
Copyright © Townhall.com. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service
is provided to you