Indianapolis Colts hire Chris Ballard as general manager 
&lt; 
&gt; 
Menu ESPN 
Scores 
NFL NBA MLB NCAAF Soccer NCAAM &hellip;  NHL Golf Tennis MMA WWE Boxing esports Chalk Analytics NCAAW WNBA NASCAR Racing Horse RN FB RN BB NCAA LLWS Olympic Sports Special Olympics X Games Cricket Rugby Endurance CFL  More ESPN Fantasy Listen Watch 
NFL  Home Home  Draft Draft  Scores Scores  Schedule Schedule  Standings Standings  Stats Stats  Teams Teams  Top Stories for All 32 Top Stories for All 32  More  NFL Nation NFL Nation  Power Rankings Power Rankings  Football Power Index FPI  Playoff Machine Playoff Machine  Fantasy Fantasy  Injury Wire Injury Wire  Monday Night HQ MNF HQ  Rumors Rumors  Transactions Transactions  Chalk Chalk  Expert Picks Expert Picks  PickCenter PickCenter  Daily Lines Daily Lines  Coaches Coaches  Pro Bowl Pro Bowl  Tickets Tickets  
Chiefs' Ballard will replace Grigson as Colts GM  Indianapolis Colts 18d Mike Wells   Barnwell's 5 AFC North moves: Browns get Tyrod; Steelers keep Bell  Baltimore Ravens 16h Bill Barnwell       Revis charged with assault, robbery in Pittsburgh  New York Jets 56m Rich Cimini   Fins cut DE Williams, will try to trade LT Albert  Miami Dolphins 5h   Steelers want Brown to end career in Pittsburgh  Pittsburgh Steelers 9h Katherine Terrell   Rams' Goff leveraging noted QB-training facility  Los Angeles Rams 7h Alden Gonzalez   Jaguars pass on option for starting LT Beachum  Jacksonville Jaguars 17h Mike DiRocco   Sources: Pats' Daboll candidate for Bama OC job  Alabama Crimson Tide 10h   Can Ben Roethlisberger replicate Tom Brady's career longevity?  Pittsburgh Steelers 7h Jeremy Fowler   Destination Romo: All the places Tony could go  Dallas Cowboys 7d ESPN Staff   Breaking down the Patriots' free-agent options with LB Dont'a Hightower  New England Patriots 2d Mike Reiss   20 plays every NFL coach should steal 14h Matt Bowen    How Titans try to gain an advantage on offense during a timeout  Tennessee Titans 15h Paul Kuharsky   What will Chiefs do at No. 2 behind Alex Smith?  Kansas City Chiefs 12h Adam Teicher   With Kenny Britt and Eagles, a connection to consider  Philadelphia Eagles 18h Tim McManus   Rams-Niners rivalry gets new twist with Sean McVay, Kyle Shanahan  Los Angeles Rams 18h Alden Gonzalez   Uni Watch: Has the black uniform trend finally peaked? 14h Paul Lukas   Everything you need to know about the NFL's 2017 franchise tag  Pittsburgh Steelers 2d Kevin Seifert    Franchise-tag predictions for all 32 teams 1d ESPN.com   Can Bears keep Alshon Jeffery without franchise tag?  Chicago Bears 17h Jeff Dickerson   Cowboys' game of (franchise) tag could be years away  Dallas Cowboys 2d Todd Archer   Heartbreaker? Blowout? For Jordy Nelson, all playoff disappointments hurt  Green Bay Packers 15h Jason Wilde   Where could Adrian Peterson land if he leaves Vikings?  Dallas Cowboys 2d Ben Goessling    How Adrian Peterson factors into Le'Veon Bell's contract future  Pittsburgh Steelers 2d Jeremy Fowler   Brett Favre revenge: Would Packers be interested in Adrian Peterson?  Green Bay Packers 2d Rob Demovsky   Ex-Ole Miss QB Kelly disinvited to combine  Ole Miss Rebels 9h Mike Rodak   Mock-draft consensus grows as Mel Kiper projects Myles Garrett No. 1  Cleveland Browns 12h Pat McManamon   What is fair value for Terrelle Pryor's new contract? 17h Pat McManamon   Packers need Clay Matthews -- plus help -- inside and outside  Green Bay Packers 15h Rob Demovsky   32 NFL players who need a change of scenery 4d ESPN.com    Colts hire Chris Ballard as GM, replacing Ryan Grigson   play  Colts move fast to hire Ballard as GM (0:47) Ashley Fox details the process the Colts went through before hiring Chris Ballard as GM and doesn't expect the move to change the status of Chuck Pagano. (0:47)  Facebook Twitter Facebook Messenger Pinterest Email comment  Jan 30, 2017  Mike Wells ESPN Staff Writer  Close Previously worked at Indianapolis Star, covering the Indiana Pacers for nine seasons
Also covered Vikings for St. Paul Pioneer Press Follow on Twitter   Facebook Twitter Facebook Messenger Pinterest Email print comment INDIANAPOLIS -- The Colts have named Chris Ballard their new general manager, the team announced Sunday. Ballard replaces Ryan Grigson, who was fired Jan. 21 after five seasons with the organization. Editor's Picks  New GM Chris Ballard'€™s pedigree is exactly what Colts need The Colts will have to rebuild their roster through the draft, and Chris Ballard's body of work suggests that he is up to the task.  Chiefs lose trusted voice, and perhaps future GM, in Chris Ballard Chris Ballard was No. 3 in the Chiefs' chain of football command, and as such had an important voice in a lot of their player personnel moves. 1 Related "Chris has a solid reputation throughout the National Football League as a heavyweight executive and our extensive discussions with him confirmed that reputation,'' Irsay said in a statement released by the team. "He's a savvy, organized, and thorough talent evaluator, but beyond that, he's a terrific person our community will be proud of.'' Ballard joined the Kansas City Chiefs as director of player personnel in 2013 and was later promoted to director of football operations. The Chiefs have been a balanced team that won at least nine games in each of those four seasons, and all three first-round draft picks in that span have been significant contributors. The Chiefs were the No. 2 seed in the AFC playoffs this season. Ballard interviewed for general manager jobs with Tennessee and Chicago in recent years. "I am so thankful to Mr. Irsay and his entire family for this opportunity to join the Colts organization,'' Ballard said. "I appreciate everyone who has been involved in the search process. I look forward to working with [coach] Chuck [Pagano] and his staff, the personnel staff and all the outstanding Colts employees. Ballard is set at quarterback with Andrew Luck and has talented skill position players such as receivers T.Y. Hilton and Donte Moncrief . His first order of business will be to improve a defense that finished 30th overall in the NFL and tied for 19th in sacks with just 33.   Chris Ballard beat Jimmy Raye III of the Colts, Scott Fitterer and Trent Kirchner of Seattle, George Paton of Minnesota and Eliot Wolf of Green Bay for the job. George Gojkovich/Getty Images  The Colts, who will have more than $50 million in salary-cap space during free agency, are coming off back-to-back seasons in which they missed the playoffs with 8-8 records. Irsay said Jan. 21 that Pagano will return as coach for the 2017 season. "I am extremely excited about Chris coming in as our general manager," Pagano said. "He brings a wealth of knowledge and a ton of experience to the organization. I'm looking forward to rolling up our sleeves and going to work alongside him." Ballard beat Jimmy Raye III of the Colts, Scott Fitterer and Trent Kirchner of Seattle, George Paton of Minnesota and Eliot Wolf of Green Bay for the job. Information from The Associated Press was used in this report. 
Facebook Twitter Facebook Messenger Pinterest Email comment  Sponsored Headlines  Comments