Insane Clown Posse is organising a 'Juggalo March On Washington' | The Independent 
News Election 2016 
Americas 
UK 
World 
Europe 
Business 
Voices Comment 
Robert Fisk 
Mark Steel 
Grace Dent 
Holly Baxter 
Campaigns 
Editorials 
Letters 
Sports US sports 
Soccer 
Tennis 
Boxing 
Formula 1 
WWE 
Culture Film 
TV 
Music 
Books 
Lifestyle Fashion 
Food + drink 
Travel 
Health + families 
Love + sex 
Tech Gaming 
Tech culture 
Tech news 
US election 
Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial 
Read Now 
UK Edition 
US Edition 
Sign in 
Register 
Subscriptions 
News Election 2016 
World 
US 
UK 
Europe 
People 
Science 
Health 
Business 
Voices Comment 
Robert Fisk 
Mark Steel 
Grace Dent 
Holly Baxter 
Campaigns 
Editorials 
Letters 
Sports US sports 
Soccer 
Cricket 
Tennis 
Boxing 
Formula 1 
Culture Books 
Film 
TV 
Music 
Art 
Theatre &amp; Dance 
Comedy 
Lifestyle Food &amp; drink 
Health &amp; families 
Love &amp; sex 
Motoring 
Student 
Travel 
Fashion 
Tech Gaming 
Tech culture 
Tech news 
Video Explainer videos 
News videos 
People &amp; culture videos 
Sport videos 
IndyBest Fashion &amp; Beauty 
Homes &amp; Design 
Food &amp; Drink 
Gadgets &amp; Tech 
Outdoor &amp; Activity 
Arts &amp; Books 
Travel 
Money Health insurance 
Investments 
Extras The Independent Books 
Puzzles 
indy100 
Apps 
Ebooks 
iJobs 
Dating 
Follow us: 
We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. 
Culture  Music  News  
Insane Clown Posse is organising a &#039;Juggalo March On Washington&#039; 
The march is organised in protest at the FBI's classification of the group as a 'loosely organised hybrid gang' 
Clarisse Loughrey 
@clarisselou 
Thursday 26 January 2017 11:27 GMT 
Click to follow The Independent Culture 
The massive mobilisation against Donald Trump has united so many; from different backgrounds, different beliefs - even Juggalos are getting involved.  
Following the historic Women's March , Insane Clown Posse have announced they're launching their own march entitled the ' Juggalo March on Washington ', to protest the FBI's classification of the group as a "loosely organised hybrid gang".  
Stating the march is intended to "make a collective statement from the Juggalo Family to the world about what we are and what we are not", the group state that the gang classification has led to "hundreds if not thousands of people subjected to various forms of discrimination, harassment, and profiling simply for identifying as a Juggalo". 
Police officers high-five demonstrators on women's march 
Read more 
Insane Clown Posse sue the FBI for classifying their fans as criminal 
Reports state Juggalos have, as a result of being listed as "gang-affiliated", "lost custody of their children, been fired from jobs, [and] denied access into the armed forces". A recent court case against the FBI and Department of Justice for listing Juggalos as a gang group in their 2011 Gang Task Force report was dismissed, prompting the initiation of an organised march.  
"We must collectively show them that we truly are a family that is united by a shared love of music and fellowship," the website states. "We help and support each other like no other so-called 'fanbase' ever has in the history of popular culture. We give each other food or water if someone is hungry or thirsty. We lend emotional support to each other in times of sorrow or struggle and we celebrate with each other in times of triumph." 
Thousands attend Women's March on Washington 
18 
show all 
Thousands attend Women's March on Washington 
1/18 
Protesters gather outside the White House at the finish of the Women's March on Washington on January 21, 2017 in Washington, DC. Large crowds attended the anti-Trump rally a day after U.S. President Donald Trump was sworn in as the 45th U.S. president. 
Mario Tama/Getty 
2/18 
Protesters hold up signage near the Washington Monument during the Women's March on Washington January 21, 2017 in Washington, DC. Large crowds are attending the anti-Trump rally a day after U.S. President Donald Trump was sworn in as the 45th U.S. president. 
Drew Angerer/Getty 
3/18 
Protesters gather during the Women's March on Washington January 21, 2017 in Washington, DC. The march is expected to draw thousands from across the country to protest newly inaugurated President Donald Trump. 
Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty 
4/18 
Protesters arrive at the Capital South Metro station for the Women's March on Washington on January 21, 2017 in Washington, DC. Following the inauguration of Donald Trump as the 45th president of the United States, the Women's March has spread to be a global march calling on all concerned citizens to stand up for equality, diversity and inclusion and for women's rights to be recognised around the world as human rights. 
Jessica Kourkounis/Getty 
5/18 
Protesters arrive on the platform at the Capital South Metro station for the Women's March on Washington on January 21, 2017 in Washington, DC. Following the inauguration of Donald Trump as the 45th president of the United States, the Women's March has spread to be a global march calling on all concerned citizens to stand up for equality, diversity and inclusion and for women's rights to be recognised around the world as human rights. 
Jessica Kourkounis/Getty 
6/18 
Demonstrators protest during the Women's March along Pennsylvania Avenue January 21, 2017 in Washington, DC. &#13;
Hundreds of thousands of protesters spearheaded by women's rights groups demonstrated across the US to send a defiant message to US President Donald Trump. 
Joshua Lott/AFP/Getty Images 
7/18 
WASHINGTON, DC - JANUARY 21: Protesters attend the Women's March on Washington on January 21, 2017 in Washington, DC. Following the inauguration of Donald Trump as the 45th president of the United States, the Women's March has spread to be a global march calling on all concerned citizens to stand up for equality, diversity and inclusion and for women's rights to be recognised around the world as human rights. 
Jessica Kourkounis/Getty 
8/18 
A marcher holds a sign during the Women's March on Washington January 21, 2017 in Washington, DC. The march is expected to draw thousands from across the country to protest newly inaugurated President Donald Trump. 
Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty 
9/18 
A woman chants while attending the Women's March on Washington on January 21, 2017 in Washington, DC. Large crowds are attending the anti-Trump rally a day after U.S. President Donald Trump was sworn in as the 45th U.S. president. 
Mario Tama/Getty 
10/18 
Protesters attend the Women's March on Washington on January 21, 2017 in Washington, DC. Large crowds are attending the anti-Trump rally a day after U.S. President Donald Trump was sworn in as the 45th U.S. president. 
Mario Tama/Getty 
11/18 
Protesters march in Washington, DC, during the Women's March on January 21, 2017. Hundreds of thousands of people flooded US cities Saturday in a day of women's rights protests to mark President Donald Trump's first full day in office. 
Robyn Beck/AFP/Getty Images 
12/18 
A protester gestures toward the White House on the Ellipse near the South Lawn of the White House during the Women's March on Washington January 21, 2017 in Washington, DC. Large crowds are attending the anti-Trump rally a day after U.S. President Donald Trump was sworn in as the 45th U.S. president. 
Drew Angerer/Getty 
13/18 
A protester, holding a Donald Trump doll wearing a pink cap, marches in Washington, DC, during the Womens March on January 21, 2017. &#13;
Hundreds of thousands of people flooded US cities Saturday in a day of women's rights protests to mark President Donald Trump's first full day in office. 
Robyn Beck/AFP/Getty Images 
14/18 
Protesters take to the National Mall to demonstrate against the presidency of Donald Trump Washington, DC on January 21, 2017. Hundreds of thousands of protesters spearheaded by women's rights groups demonstrated across the US to send a defiant message to US President Donald Trump. 
Dominick Reuter/AFP/Getty Images 
15/18 
Protesters march during the Women's March on Washington on January 21, 2017 in Washington, DC. Large crowds are attending the anti-Trump rally a day after U.S. President Donald Trump was sworn in as the 45th U.S. president. 
Mario Tama/Getty 
16/18 
Demonstrators gather on The Ellipse during the Women's March on Washington January 21, 2017 in Washington, DC. &#13;
Hundreds of thousands of protesters spearheaded by women's rights groups demonstrated across the US to send a defiant message to US President Donald Trump. 
Zach Gibson/AFP/Getty Images 
17/18 
Demonstrators march down Pennsylvania Avenue during the Women's March on Washington January 21, 2017 in Washington, DC. &#13;
Hundreds of thousands of protesters spearheaded by women's rights groups demonstrated across the US to send a defiant message to US President Donald Trump. 
Zach Gibson/AFP/Getty Images 
18/18 
Protester's signs are left near the White House during the Women's March on Washington on January 21, 2017 in Washington, DC. Large crowds are attending the anti-Trump rally a day after U.S. President Donald Trump was sworn in as the 45th U.S. president. (Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images) 
Mario Tama/Getty 
"We may be the outsiders, the misfits, the weirdos, and the underdogs of the mainstream world, but as a result we have created our own world – one built on a rock-solid foundation of community, creativity, joy, and love." 
The march will also include a free concert with 17 bands already confirmed to appear on the bill. 
More about:
Insane Clown Posse 
Reuse content 
Comments 
Most Popular 
Video 
Sponsored Features 
Follow us: 
User Policies 
Privacy Policy 
Cookie Policy 
Code of Conduct 
Complaint Form 
Contact Us 
Contributors 
All Topics 
Archive 
Newsletters 
Jobs 
Subscriptions 
Advertising Guide 
Syndication 
Evening Standard 
Novaya Gazeta 
Install our Apps 
Close 
We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. 
Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. 
Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. 
Thank you for your support. 
How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk 
Adblock / Adblock Plus 
Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. 
On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". 
On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk ". 
Firefox Tracking Protection 
If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. 
Ghostery 
Click the Ghostery icon. 
In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". 
In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. 
In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". 
Click "reload the page to see your changes". 
uBlock 
Click the uBlock icon. 
Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. 
Then reload the page. 
Close 
Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk   
Continue to our site