Delhi Dynamos appoint Ashish Shah as new CEO | The Indian Express 
The Indian Express 
Nation  
World  
Opinion  
Entertainment  
Lifestyle  
Tech  
Viral  
Photos  
Videos  
E-Paper 
Apps  
RSS 
Menu 
Home 
Cricket 
FOOTBALL 
TENNIS 
PHOTOS 
More 
INDIANEXPRESS.COM 
Home 
Sports  Football 						 Delhi Dynamos appoint Ashish Shah as new CEO 
Delhi Dynamos appoint Ashish Shah as new CEO 
Ashish Shah was part of the Chennaiyin FC when they won the ISL title in 2015. 
By: Express Web Desk | 		
Updated: January 25, 2017 3:26 pm 
Delhi Dynamos had one of their more successful years in 2016. (Source: file) 
Indian Super League side Delhi Dynamos announced that they have appointed Ashish Shah as their new CEO. Earlier, the franchisee had announced that they had parted ways with their president Prashant Agarwal. &#8220;I am very excited over this great opportunity to lead the next phase of strategic development for the Delhi Dynamos,&#8221; Shah is quoted as saying in a press release from the franchisee. 
&#8220;Indian football is growing fast, attracting global attention and we need to move on the fast lane in order to stay on top of the developments and ahead of the competition. I would like to thank the Club owners for their trust and I am confident that ISL Season 4 will be an amazing one!&#8221; 
This is not Ashish Shah&#8217;s first involvement with an ISL team. He was the heading Chennaiyin FC when the team won the ISL title in 2015. The press release from the franchisee says that he &#8220;is a sports enthusiast and the founder of an active lifestyle company that is organizing a number of sport events including running events, junior soccer leagues and the organizing of football academies.&#8221; 
Delhi Dynamos had one of their more successful seasons in 2016. They were third on the ISL table and made it to the semi-finals. But they lost against runners up Kerala Blasters on penalties. 
© The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd 								 
Best of Express   Terror funding: Pakistan to face heat at Paris meet this weekend  Entertainment Running Shaadi movie review: Taapsee Pannu film huffs and puffs to finishing line  Entertainment Kareena&#039;s son Taimur rings in nana Randhir Kapoor&#039;s 70th birthday. See inside pics  Entertainment Shruti Haasan is dating this London-based actor. Here&#039;s everything you want to know, see pics  Entertainment Anushka Sharma, Virat Kohli fans, their new selfies will make you drop a beat. See pics  Entertainment Irada movie review: Naseeruddin Shah film is a hazardous watch  				
We will be not allowing any Indian players to be part of any leagues 
The Express Group 
The Indian Express 
The Financial Express 
Loksatta 
Jansatta 
inUth 
Ramnath Goenka Awards 
Privacy Policy 
Advertise with Us 
Contact Us 
Subscribe 
Please reload and try again !!! 
X 
Copyright &copy; 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved