Rockets misfire in loss to Paul George, Pacers - Houston Chronicle 
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week 
Sign In 
Home 
Contact Chron 
About Houston Chronicle 
Advertise with Us 
Place a Classified Ad 
Niche Publication Ads 
Careers 
Chron Shop 
Privacy Policy 
Terms of Use 
Newsletters 
Subscribe 
HC Archives 
Gov Abbott tells NFL to back off from threats 
Photos: A slice of the Caribbean is coming to Houston 
Houston star’s ex-husband under investigation for rape 
Reward offered for Texas man with 'pimpish' neck tattoo 
Local 
Neighborhoods 
Houston & Texas News 
Traffic 
Weather 
Weather 
Radar & Forecasts 
Houston Weather 
Severe Weather News 
Hurricane Guide 
Education 
Politics & Policy 
Politics & Policy 
Texas Politics 
Chronicle Investigates 
Obituaries 
Staff & Reader Blogs 
Classifieds 
Columnists 
Opinions & Editorials 
Opinions & Editorials 
Opinion 
Editorials 
Letters to the Editor 
Outlook 
Nick Anderson Cartoons 
La Voz (Espa&#241;ol) 
Houston's History 
DA's new plan would keep low-level pot smokers out of jail, save 
Reports: San Antonio woman sues Chip and Joanna Gaines' Magnolia 
Man wanted for allegedly sexually abusing 13-year-old Harris 
Businesses across state close in support of immigrants as 
US & World 
US News 
World News 
Crime 
The Americas 
Politics 
Science & Environment 
Strange & Weird News 
Videos 
Long-lost Winston Churchill essay reveals his thoughts on aliens 
The internet couldn't stop creating epic memes from Donald Trump 
New Orleans woman clings to her 8-week-old baby as tornado slings 
Twitter goes nuts for #ThingsYouThoughtWereReal 
Sports 
Texans 
Rockets 
Astros 
Dynamo 
High School 
Colleges 
UH 
Rice 
UT 
A&M 
Outdoors 
Texas Sports Nation 
Buy Tickets 
Super Bowl LI 
Langham Creek knocks off Hightower, advances to quarterfinals 
Rice handles UTSA, notches 5th straight conference win 
Atif Russell sparks Houston Baptist over Sam Houston 
Vanderbilt snaps home skid, defeats Texas A&M 
Business 
Energy (Fuel Fix) 
Technology 
Real Estate 
Money Tips 
Business Insider 
Press Releases 
Small Business Mgmt 
Chron 100 
Top Workplaces 
Sponsored Content 
Legal Notices 
Business Directory 
Construction resumes after mishap at Hines' San Francisco tower 
Davis Holdings buys Midtown office building 
Suitsupply opens 2nd Houston location in The Woodlands 
RigNet leases new Energy Corridor headquarters 
A&E 
Preview 
Guides to Houston 
Restaurants & Bars 
Music 
Movies 
Arts & Theater 
Rolling Stone 
Us Weekly 
Radar Online 
Horoscopes 
Books 
Events & Things To Do 
Puzzles & Games 
Comics 
Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work 
Take a look at Mardi Gras through the years 
Ranking the Best Documentaries 
Bands compete in Mariachi Invitational 
Life 
Health 
Health 
The Doctors 
Men's Journal 
Live Healthy 
Escapes 
Style 
Mom Houston 
Luxe Life 
Houston Belief 
Food & Cooking 
Food & Cooking 
Food & Cooking 
Alison Cook 
Restaurant Reviews 
Whine & Dine 
Top 100 Restaurants 
Society 
Travel 
Travel 
Flight Tracker 
Texas Road Trips 
Travel 
Pets 
Houston Gives 
Weddings &amp; Celebrations 
Sponsored Content 
The most beautiful places in all 50 states 
2017 RodeoHouston concert lineup 
Houston airport restroom technology takes a step into the future 
Philanthropists and foodies celebrate Valentine's Day with 
Jobs 
Advanced search 
Browse job categories 
Salary Wizard 
Career Rescue 
Careers in Engineering 
Salute to Nurses 
Work & Career Advice 
Post a Job 
Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? 
These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K 
Set a career goal for every month of 2016 
The highest-paying entry-level jobs 
Cars 
Cars & Auto News 
Heidi's Cars Blog 
New Car Search 
Used Car Search 
Certified Car Search 
Houston Auto Dealers 
The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit 
Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH 
Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain 
BMW turns 100 years old: A look back 
Real Estate 
New Homes 
Second Homes 
Home Price Survey 
Mortgages 
Commercial Real Estate 
Farms & Ranches 
Senior Living 
Chron Homes App 
Private Party Ads 
Summer Showcase 
My Perfect Hous(e)ton 
Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction 
Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community 
Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas 
Menu Sections 
http://www.chron.com/sports/rockets/article/Rockets-misfire-in-loss-to-Paul-George-Pacers-10892838.php 
Rockets misfire in loss to Paul George, Pacers 
By Jonathan Feigen , Houston Chronicle 
Updated 8:42 pm, Sunday, January 29, 2017
Photo: R Brent Smith/Associated Press
Image 1 of / 16 
Caption Close 
Image 1 of 16 
Houston Rockets guard Eric Gordon, left, defends against Indiana Pacers forward Paul George in the first half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/R Brent Smith) 
Houston Rockets guard Eric Gordon, left, defends against Indiana Pacers forward Paul George in the first half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/R Brent Smith) 
Photo: R Brent Smith/Associated Press
Image 2 of 16 
Houston Rockets forward Sam Dekker (7) dribbles around Indiana Pacers forward Thaddeus Young in the first half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. Indiana won 120-101. (AP Photo/R Brent Smith) less 
Houston Rockets forward Sam Dekker (7) dribbles around Indiana Pacers forward Thaddeus Young in the first half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. Indiana won 120-101. (AP Photo/R ... more 
Photo: R Brent Smith/Associated Press
Image 3 of 16 
Indiana Pacers guard Jeff Teague (44) drives on Houston Rockets guard Eric Gordon in the second half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. Indiana won 120-101. (AP Photo/R Brent Smith) less 
Indiana Pacers guard Jeff Teague (44) drives on Houston Rockets guard Eric Gordon in the second half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. Indiana won 120-101. (AP Photo/R Brent ... more 
Photo: R Brent Smith/Associated Press
Image 4 of 16 
Indiana Pacers center Myles Turner, right, gets a hand on the basketball held by Houston Rockets forward Montrezl Harrell in the second half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. Indiana won 120-101. (AP Photo/R Brent Smith) less 
Indiana Pacers center Myles Turner, right, gets a hand on the basketball held by Houston Rockets forward Montrezl Harrell in the second half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. ... more 
Photo: R Brent Smith/Associated Press
Image 5 of 16 
Indiana Pacers head coach Nate McMillan yells to his players on the floor in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Houston Rockets, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. Houston won 120-101. (AP Photo/R Brent Smith) less 
Indiana Pacers head coach Nate McMillan yells to his players on the floor in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Houston Rockets, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. Houston won 120-101. ... more 
Photo: R Brent Smith/Associated Press
Image 6 of 16 
Indiana Pacers guard C.J. Miles (0) shoots the basketball defended by Houston Rockets guard James Harden in the second half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. Indiana won 120-101. (AP Photo/R Brent Smith) less 
Indiana Pacers guard C.J. Miles (0) shoots the basketball defended by Houston Rockets guard James Harden in the second half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. Indiana won ... more 
Photo: R Brent Smith/Associated Press
Image 7 of 16 
Indiana Pacers guard Jeff Teague (44) shoots in front of Houston Rockets guard Eric Gordon in the second half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/R Brent Smith) 
Indiana Pacers guard Jeff Teague (44) shoots in front of Houston Rockets guard Eric Gordon in the second half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/R Brent Smith) 
Photo: R Brent Smith/Associated Press
Image 8 of 16 
Houston Rockets guard Patrick Beverly, left, looks to pass the ball while defended by Indiana Pacers forward Thaddeus Young in the second half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/R Brent Smith) less 
Houston Rockets guard Patrick Beverly, left, looks to pass the ball while defended by Indiana Pacers forward Thaddeus Young in the second half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. ... more 
Photo: R Brent Smith/Associated Press
Image 9 of 16 
Houston Rockets guard James Harden reacts to an official's call in the second half of an NBA basketball game against the Indiana Pacers, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/R Brent Smith) 
Houston Rockets guard James Harden reacts to an official's call in the second half of an NBA basketball game against the Indiana Pacers, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/R Brent Smith) 
Photo: R Brent Smith/Associated Press
Image 10 of 16 
Houston Rockets forward Ryan Anderson (3) dunks in front of Indiana Pacers center Al Jefferson in the second half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/R Brent Smith) 
Houston Rockets forward Ryan Anderson (3) dunks in front of Indiana Pacers center Al Jefferson in the second half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/R Brent Smith) 
Photo: R Brent Smith/Associated Press
Image 11 of 16 
Indiana Pacers forward Paul George, right, gets around Houston Rockets forward Trevor Ariza in the second half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/R Brent Smith) 
Indiana Pacers forward Paul George, right, gets around Houston Rockets forward Trevor Ariza in the second half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/R Brent Smith) 
Photo: R Brent Smith/Associated Press
Image 12 of 16 
Houston Rockets guard James Harden (13) keeps the basketball away from Indiana Pacers guard Jeff Teague in the first half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/R Brent Smith) less 
Houston Rockets guard James Harden (13) keeps the basketball away from Indiana Pacers guard Jeff Teague in the first half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/R Brent ... more 
Photo: R Brent Smith/Associated Press
Image 13 of 16 
Houston Rockets guard Eric Gordon, right, moves to the basket defended by Indiana Pacers center Al Jefferson in the first half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/R Brent Smith) less 
Houston Rockets guard Eric Gordon, right, moves to the basket defended by Indiana Pacers center Al Jefferson in the first half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/R ... more 
Photo: R Brent Smith/Associated Press
Image 14 of 16 
Houston Rockets center Clint Capela, center, scores against Indiana Pacers center Myles Turner, left, and forward Lavoy Allen, right, in the first half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/R Brent Smith) less 
Houston Rockets center Clint Capela, center, scores against Indiana Pacers center Myles Turner, left, and forward Lavoy Allen, right, in the first half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in ... more 
Photo: R Brent Smith/Associated Press
Image 15 of 16 
Houston Rockets guard James Harden, right, dribbles around Indiana Pacers forward Paul George in the first half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/R Brent Smith) 
Houston Rockets guard James Harden, right, dribbles around Indiana Pacers forward Paul George in the first half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/R Brent Smith) 
Photo: R Brent Smith/Associated Press
Image 16 of 16 
Rockets misfire in loss to Paul George, Pacers 
1 / 16 
Back to Gallery 
INDIANAPOLIS &ndash; James Harden got loose for a floater in the lane with no Pacers defender close enough to distract his view of the rim a few feet away. He had missed just about every variety of shot in his repertoire, but had not tried one of those. 
When he clanged that, too, he gave Pacers center Myles Turner a shove and left the game, exchanging pained smiles with Pat Beverley as if they knew if that shot would not go, nothing could go right. 
Harden had seemed to empty the tank in Philadelphia, leaving little for the Pacers. With the Rockets around him and their struggling defense unable to make up the difference, the Pacers rolled easily, 120-101, sending the Rockets home after a 2-3 road trip and looking like a team running on fumes and needing a revival. 
A game after Harden's 51-point triple-double to hold off the 76ers, he made 3 of 17 shots with as many turnovers (8) as assists. Ryan Anderson led the Rockets with 27 points, making 5 of 8 3s. But the rest of the Rockets made just 6 of 31 3s, including the pair that Bobby Brown tossed in with the benches cleared for the final 2 &frac12; minutes. 
Paul George led the Pacers with 33 points and led Indiana's aggressive, overplaying perimeter defense. But after the initial minutes when the Rockets struggled to get free, mostly Harden and the Rockets just missed the shots they want, making 34 of 83 (41.5 percent) only with the flurry in the last minutes. 
The Rockets came out misfiring, which was not unusual and was likely to be expected in the final game of a long road trip. But to keep it tight under those circumstances, they would have to defend well enough to make the game a relatively low-scoring struggle. 
Instead, the Pacers moved into the lane easily, getting good shots and piling up an 18-point lead early in the second quarter. 
While the Rockets made just 6 of 22 shots in the first quarter, matching their worst shooting opening quarter of the season, the Pacers made 66.7 percent, taking a 33-20 lead with Harden not getting on the scoreboard until he had a three-point play on a backdoor cut in the final minute of the quartrer. 
When the Pacers made 4 of 5 shots to start the second quarter, with Al Jefferson and Lavoy Allen moving in the paint as easily as Thaddeus Young and Miles Turner had, the Pacers led 42-24 just 2 &frac12; minutes into the second quarter. 
The Rockets' defense tightened and the Pacers cooled off. With the Pacers making 2 of their next 12 shots, the Rockets closed to within six. Eric Gordon and Clint Capela gave the Rockets a much-needed lift off the bench. They seemed back in the game with plenty of time left. 
The Rockets, however, did not make a shot in the final three minutes of the half, with Anderson, Ariza and Harden (twice) missing 3s and the Pacers ended the half on an 8-0 run. 
The Rockets never recovered, clanging 3s and not getting anywhere near enough stops to make a run while dragging their offense behind them. 
Texas Sports Nation 
Rewind: Memorable Rockets all-star performances 
These Houston coaches enjoyed quick success 
What to watch: The weekend's top sports on TV 
Houston HS basketball primer: Feb. 17 
Watch Texas Sports Nation 
Latest Rockets news 
Three-pointers: Takeaways from Rockets' loss to Miami 
Rockets fall to Heat in final game before All-Star break 
Mike D'Antoni glad Texans training camp is now close to his home 
Ryan Anderson: Bouncing back has been key to Rockets' success 
Rockets coach Mike D'Antoni content with Rockets' roster as... 
Heat return to Houston after Hurricane Matthew made it their... 
Heat rematch provides gauge for Rockets' Clint Capela 
Heat offer reminder of Rockets' defensive trapping 
Rockets' Eric Gordon always dreamed about 3-point contest 
Eric Gordon returns to Rockets after two-game absence 
Tweets from https://twitter.com/GregRajan/lists/tweeting-the-rockets 
Latest Sports Video 
0 ? $(this).attr('href') : document.location.href.replace('/article/','/articleComments/')); return false;" class="comments-btn" rel="nofollow"> View Comments 
&copy; 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. 
Logo 
Return to Top 
About 
Our Company 
Careers 
Advertise with Us 
Ad Choices 
Terms & Conditions 
Privacy Policy 
Your California Privacy Rights 
Contact 
Customer Service 
Newsroom Contacts 
Connect 
Email Newsletter 
Facebook 
Twitter 
Pinterest 
Google 
Instagram 
Subscribe 
iPad app 
HoustonChronicle.com 
Houston Chronicle Archives 
eEdition Demo 
Today's eNewspaper 
Hearst Newspapers 
&copy; Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC