Orlando could support NFL team, mayor Buddy Dyer says as Pro Bowl arrives - Orlando Sentinel 
Get alerts for the latest Magic, Knights, Gators, Seminoles and soccer news  
Sports 
NFL, Pro Bowl, Super Bowl 
Orlando could support NFL team, mayor Buddy Dyer says as Pro Bowl arrives 
Gregory Payan / AP  Fans are seen at the 2017 Pro Bowl Skills Challenge on Wednesday, January 25, 2017 in Lake Buena Vista, FL. (AP Photo/Gregory Payan)  Fans are seen at the 2017 Pro Bowl Skills Challenge on Wednesday, January 25, 2017 in Lake Buena Vista, FL. (AP Photo/Gregory Payan) (Gregory Payan / AP)    
Mike Bianchi  
Today, the Pro Bowl. Tomorrow, the Orlando Jaguars.               
OK, so maybe it won’t be the Jaguars; maybe it will be the Bucs or the Saints or even the Chargers after they fail in Los Angeles. Doesn’t really matter who — all that matters is Orlando will get an NFL franchise someday. 
We’re too big and beautiful not to at least be under consideration. We have too much projected population and too much pigskin passion not to attract some NFL owner disgruntled with his current home. Or, better yet, maybe we will get the attention of a future league expansion committee in search of vibrant new markets. “There is no doubt in my mind Orlando can have an NFL franchise someday,” says Steve Hogan, the CEO of Florida Citrus Sports and the man mostly responsible for bringing tonight’s Pro Bowl to Camping World Stadium. “I’m not saying that time is now, but it’s going to be impossible to ignore the growth of this market.” Orlando has already opened some NFL eyes this week by selling out the Pro Bowl and showing the league that we take our football seriously. As Hogan said earlier this week, “This is Orlando’s time to shine.” As iconic NFL defensive back Charles Woodson, a Lake Nona resident, said: “By having the Pro Bowl here, you’ve got the biggest sports league in this country in your backyard. You are up close and personal with the NFL. I think this could have a lasting impact.” For all of you nattering nabobs of negativity who continue to make fun of the Pro Bowl, I have a message from Orlando sports fans: If you don’t want your tickets to the game, we’ll take them. 
“The Orlando game is definitely the most in-demand Pro Bowl ticket that we’ve seen,” said Chris Leyden, content analyst for the ticket-resale site SeatGeek.com who says the average price of a seat for tonight’s game is $150. “Orlando is a lot more accessible to a lot more people than Hawaii. I live in New York and I could easily take a weekend trip to Orlando, but I’m not going to fly 12 hours to Hawaii and 12 hours back in a weekend.” 
Caption    Video: Leonard Williams of Mainland, Ha Ha Clinton-Dix of Dr. Phillips at Pro Bowl   Leonard Williams, a former Daytona Beach Mainland star who is now with the New York Jets, and Ha Ha Clinton-Dix, who played at Orlando Dr. Phillips and now with the Green Bay Packers, are taking part in the week's NFL Pro Bowl in Orlando. They also are a part of the NFL's &quot;Thank You, Coach&quot; program, and they will be able to share time with their high school coaches Scott Wilson and Rodney Wells at this week's festivities.   Leonard Williams, a former Daytona Beach Mainland star who is now with the New York Jets, and Ha Ha Clinton-Dix, who played at Orlando Dr. Phillips and now with the Green Bay Packers, are taking part in the week's NFL Pro Bowl in Orlando. They also are a part of the NFL's "Thank You, Coach" program, and they will be able to share time with their high school coaches Scott Wilson and Rodney Wells at this week's festivities.     
Caption    Video: Leonard Williams of Mainland, Ha Ha Clinton-Dix of Dr. Phillips at Pro Bowl   Leonard Williams, a former Daytona Beach Mainland star who is now with the New York Jets, and Ha Ha Clinton-Dix, who played at Orlando Dr. Phillips and now with the Green Bay Packers, are taking part in the week's NFL Pro Bowl in Orlando. They also are a part of the NFL's &quot;Thank You, Coach&quot; program, and they will be able to share time with their high school coaches Scott Wilson and Rodney Wells at this week's festivities.   Leonard Williams, a former Daytona Beach Mainland star who is now with the New York Jets, and Ha Ha Clinton-Dix, who played at Orlando Dr. Phillips and now with the Green Bay Packers, are taking part in the week's NFL Pro Bowl in Orlando. They also are a part of the NFL's "Thank You, Coach" program, and they will be able to share time with their high school coaches Scott Wilson and Rodney Wells at this week's festivities.                   Caption    David Whitley plays in Wounded Warriors Flag Football Game   Orlando Sentinel columnist David Whitley plays during a NFL Pro Bowl/Wounded Warrior Amputee flag football game at Dr. Phillips High School in Orlando on Friday, January 27, 2017.   Orlando Sentinel columnist David Whitley plays during a NFL Pro Bowl/Wounded Warrior Amputee flag football game at Dr. Phillips High School in Orlando on Friday, January 27, 2017.                   Caption    NFL players deliver motivational message at Oak Ridge High School   NFL Hall of Fame halfback Jerome “The Bus” Bettis ands Seattle Seahawks defensive lineman Michael Bennet deliver remarks to varsity student athletes at Oak Ridge High School, Friday, January 27, 2017. The players are in town for the 2017 NFL Pro Bowl this weekend and were invited to speak by the school's football coach, Clint Johnson. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel)   NFL Hall of Fame halfback Jerome “The Bus” Bettis ands Seattle Seahawks defensive lineman Michael Bennet deliver remarks to varsity student athletes at Oak Ridge High School, Friday, January 27, 2017. The players are in town for the 2017 NFL Pro Bowl this weekend and were invited to speak by the school's football coach, Clint Johnson. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel)                   Caption    Pro Bowl this Sunday 8 p.m. at Camping World Stadium - Orlando News Now   The NFC had just beaten the AFC 5-2 during a televised taping at Disney World’s ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex. The skills competition was broadcast Thursday night by ESPN.   The NFC had just beaten the AFC 5-2 during a televised taping at Disney World’s ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex. The skills competition was broadcast Thursday night by ESPN.                   Caption    Women's tackle football player Elise Aubourg discusses the sport   As part of Pro Bowl week, USA Football's Women's World Football Games and the Women's Careers in Football Forum are being held at Disney World's ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex.   As part of Pro Bowl week, USA Football's Women's World Football Games and the Women's Careers in Football Forum are being held at Disney World's ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex.     
Don’t kid yourself, this is one of the main reasons the NFL wants the Pro Bowl to work in Orlando – a much more accessible, affordable and fan-friendly site than long-time host Honolulu. Another key reason the league wants the game to succeed in Central Florida is because of Orlando’s obvious ties to Disney – the parent company of ESPN, which will televise the game tonight. It’s not just coincidence that many of the pre-Pro Bowl activities, including the popular Skills Showdown, took place at the ESPN Wide World of Sports complex out at Disney. Someday, I’m convinced, there will be a state-of-the-art Disney Dome somewhere in Orlando that will not only house our NFL team, it will host Final Fours, college football national championship games and many other sports and entertainment events. Disney is run by smart people and so is the NFL. Both entities are well aware that with Los Angeles now home to two NFL franchises, Orlando is the largest TV market in the country that doesn’t have an NFL team. In fact, Orlando’s market size is bigger than 12 existing NFL cities (see Cleveland, Pittsburgh, Kansas City, Charlotte, Indianapolis, Buffalo, Nashville, etc. ). “I think we could definitely support an NFL team of our own; it’s just a matter of whether Jacksonville, Miami or Tampa would ever let that happen,” Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer says. They might not have a choice if Orlando keeps growing at its current rate. Central Florida is the fastest-growing of the country's 30 largest regions, according to population estimates released by the U.S. Census Bureau last year. Our region added more than 60,000 net new residents in the 12-month period ending in July 1, 2015 — grrowing our total population by 2.6 percent to 2,387,138. If this sort of growth continues, we could be Atlanta in 10 years. In addition, Florida has surpassed New York as the third-largest state and is also the nation’s fourth fastest-growing state. If the cities of Los Angeles and New York can house two teams in the same stadiums, why couldn’t the entire State of Florida house four teams in four separate markets in the next five to 10 years? 
Remember how former Jaguars owner Wayne Weaver sold the NFL Expansion Committee on giving little ol’ Jacksonville a team two decades ago? “It's about passion; it's about a hot market, it's about a growing market,” Weaver said at the time. “This is not about today. It is about 10 years from now, what Jacksonville will be like in 10 years.” Twenty years later, Orlando is the 18 th largest TV market in the country; Jacksonville is 47 th . It’s crazy to think Orlando can’t support an NFL team. Of course, six years ago, when Phil Rawlins hatched the idea to pursue an MLS franchise, people said he was crazy to think Orlando would support a professional soccer team. In its first two years in the league, Orlando City has had the second-highest attendance figures in MLS with an average crowd of more than 30,000 per game. Thirty years ago, when Magic founder Jimmy Hewitt hatched the idea of putting a professional basketball franchise smack, dab in the middle of a football state, people said he was crazy, too. As the story goes, Pat Williams was on an information-gathering mission for NBA Commissioner David Stern, who wanted to expand into rapidly growing Florida. That’s when Williams casually asked his friend Hewitt, “Which location in Florida would be the best location for a potential NBA franchise – Miami, Tampa or Jacksonville.” That's when Jimmy puffed out his Orlando chest and uttered the proud, passionate words that would change the course of Central Florida sports history. “Orlando is the place to be,” Jimmy told Pat. The NFL, by virtue of a sold-out Pro Bowl, is finding out that Jimmy Hewitt’s words are just as true now as they were 30 years ago. Today, the Pro Bowl. Tomorrow, the Orlando Mouseketeers. Email me at mbianchi@orlandosentinel.com. Hit me up on Twitter @BianchiWrites and listen to my Open Mike radio show every weekday from 6 to 9 a.m. on FM 96.9 and AM 740.  
Caption    Frank Vogel discusses Magic's trade of Serge Ibaka for Terrence Ross, 1st-round pick   Frank Vogel discusses the Orlando Magic's trade of Serge Ibaka to the Toronto Raptors for Terrence Ross and a 2017 first-round draft pick   Frank Vogel discusses the Orlando Magic's trade of Serge Ibaka to the Toronto Raptors for Terrence Ross and a 2017 first-round draft pick     
Caption    Frank Vogel discusses Magic's trade of Serge Ibaka for Terrence Ross, 1st-round pick   Frank Vogel discusses the Orlando Magic's trade of Serge Ibaka to the Toronto Raptors for Terrence Ross and a 2017 first-round draft pick   Frank Vogel discusses the Orlando Magic's trade of Serge Ibaka to the Toronto Raptors for Terrence Ross and a 2017 first-round draft pick                   Caption    Jason Kreis pleased with Orlando City's scrimmage vs Philadelphia   Orlando City coach Jason Kreis said he saw some progress during the team's preseason scrimmage against the Philadelphia Union, which the Lions won 3-2.   Orlando City coach Jason Kreis said he saw some progress during the team's preseason scrimmage against the Philadelphia Union, which the Lions won 3-2.                   Caption    Magic trade Serge Ibaka for Terrence Ross   The Magic agreed to trade Ibaka to the Toronto Raptors for swingman Terrence Ross and a 2017 first-round pick.   The Magic agreed to trade Ibaka to the Toronto Raptors for swingman Terrence Ross and a 2017 first-round pick.                   Caption    Magic's Aaron Gordon updates injury status   Orlando Magic forward Aaron Gordon speaks to media before Monday night's game against the Miami Heat.   Orlando Magic forward Aaron Gordon speaks to media before Monday night's game against the Miami Heat.                    Caption    Orlando City goalkeeper coach Tim Mulqueen adjusting well to new job   Orlando City goalkeeper coach Tim Mulqueen, who was hired in January to replace Stewart Kerr, says he is enjoying his new job and fits in well with the rest of the coaching staff.   Orlando City goalkeeper coach Tim Mulqueen, who was hired in January to replace Stewart Kerr, says he is enjoying his new job and fits in well with the rest of the coaching staff.     
Copyright
&copy; 2017, Orlando Sentinel 
Varsity scores: Feb. 16 
Westminster Dog Show Pictures 
Dr. Phillips stuns Sarasota Riverview | Basketball Roundup 
All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries   
55&deg;