Trump refugee order dashes hopes of Iraqis who helped the U.S.
| Reuters 
X 
Edition: 
United States 
Business 
Business Home 
Legal 
Deals 
Aerospace & Defense 
Finance 
Autos 
Reuters Summits 
ADventures 
Data Dive 
Markets 
Markets Home 
U.S. Markets 
European Markets 
Asian Markets 
Global Market Data 
Indices 
Stocks 
Bonds 
Currencies 
Commodities 
Futures 
Funds 
Earnings 
Dividends 
World 
World Home 
U.S. 
Special Reports 
Reuters Investigates 
Euro Zone 
Middle East 
China 
Japan 
Mexico 
Brazil 
Africa 
Russia 
India 
Politics 
Politics Home 
Polling Explorer 
Live: Trump's First 100 Days 
Supreme Court 
Tech 
Technology Home 
Science 
Top 100 Global Innovators 
Media 
Environment 
Innovation 
Commentary 
Commentary Home 
Podcasts 
Breakingviews 
Breakingviews Home 
Breakingviews Video 
Money 
Money Home 
Retirement 
Lipper Awards 
Analyst Research 
Stock Screener 
Fund Screener 
Life 
Health 
Sports 
Arts 
Entertainment 
Oddly Enough 
Pictures 
Pictures Home 
The Wider Image 
Photographers 
Focus 360 
Video 
Trump refugee order dashes hopes of Iraqis who helped the U.S. 
Africa 
América Latina 
عربي 
Argentina 
Brasil 
Canada 
中国 
Deutschland 
España 
France 
India 
Italia 
日本 
México 
РОССИЯ 
United Kingdom 
United States 
World News 
| 
Fri Jan 27, 2017 | 9:49pm EST 
Trump refugee order dashes hopes of Iraqis who helped the U.S. 
FILE PHOTO: A woman who is fleeing the fighting between Islamic State and the Iraqi army in the Intisar district of eastern Mosul, walks past a military humvee while heading to safer territory in Iraq November 7, 2016. 
REUTERS/Zohra Bensemra/File Photo 
By Jonathan Allen and Ned Parker 
| NEW YORK 
NEW YORK Iraqis who say their lives are in danger because they worked with the U.S. government in Iraq fear their chances of finding refuge in the United States may vanish under a new order signed on Friday by President Donald Trump.  The order temporarily suspends the United States' main refugee program and halts visas being issued to citizens of several predominantly Muslim countries, including Iraq. It is expected to affect two programs U.S. lawmakers created a few years after the 2003 invasion of Iraq to help the tens of thousands of Iraqis who risked their lives helping Americans. Trump says the order is necessary to prevent Islamist militants from coming to the United States posing as refugees, but refugee advocacy groups say the lengthy screening of applicants by multiple U.S. agencies makes this fear unfounded. Iraqis coming to the United States under the Special Immigrant Visa program for Iraqis, which stopped accepting new applications in 2014, or the ongoing Direct Access Program for U.S.-Affiliated Iraqis are losing hope of ever getting out.  "Mr. Trump, the new president, killed our dreams," said one Baghdad man whose wife worked for the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) as a bookkeeper. "I don't have any hope to go to the United States," he said in a telephone interview, speaking on condition of anonymity for fear of retribution by Iraq's Sunni and Shia militant groups and also of unfavorable treatment by the Trump administration. More than 7,000 Iraqis, many of them interpreters for the U.S. military, have resettled in the United States under the Special Immigrant Visa program since 2008, while another 500 or so are still being processed, according to State Department figures. Another 58,000 Iraqis were awaiting interviews under the Direct Access program, according to the International Refugee Assistance Project. Tens of thousands have already arrived under the second program, but no recent total was available.  "A lot of translators were trying to get the hell out of there because they had a mark on their head for working with U.S. forces," Allen Vaught, a former U.S. Army captain who went to Fallujah in western Iraq in 2003, said in a telephone interview. "They're viewed as collaborators." 
He fears the order would endanger American troops by making it harder to recruit local support in war zones, a belief echoed by several advocacy groups working on behalf of America's Iraqi employees.  While in Iraq, Vaught employed five local interpreters who initially earned $5 a week traveling with troops, sometimes without weapons or armor. He helped two of the interpreters come to the United States as refugees with their families, putting them up initially in his home in Dallas, Texas. Another two were executed by militia groups, he said.  The fifth was still mired in the refugee screening process, which can last months or years even after the initial interview. Vaught had expected to also welcome him into his home this year before he had seen a draft of Trump's order. "This executive order is based on ignorance and fear," he said. "And you do not lead a country with ignorance and fear." 
IRAQIS STRANDED 
In Baghdad, the Iraqi man waiting for a visa recalled U.S, soldiers had laughed at his concerns, telling him the United States is too big a democracy to be changed on "the decision of one person like Trump," he said. But he now wonders if the soldiers were right. In 2013, a USAID official encouraged his family to apply as refugees under the Direct Access program. He checked in every week or so, but is still waiting word on an appointment at the U.S. consulate for the necessary interview. 
The same year he filed his application, he was shot in the head while driving to work, hospitalizing him for a month and leaving him deaf in one ear. He connected that to the threats that had often flashed as text messages on his cellphone, sent by Islamist militants angered by his wife's work for USAID. Others in Iraq remained hopeful they would eventually get out.  An Iraqi man who worked for a U.S. defense contractor and later alongside U.S. troops as a mid-ranking Iraqi Army officer, recalled his excitement at getting the phone call a few weeks ago telling him that his family had an interview appointment at the U.S. consulate after two years and four applications.  He was hopeful it would still take place in mid-February, believing that American officials would be concerned about the threats to his family. He was unaware that the U.S. Department of Homeland Security on Wednesday temporarily halted trips by staff to interview applicants. "I believe this is politics, things you hear on the news," he told Reuters by phone from Baghad on condition of anonymity. "I don't think they would prevent Iraqis coming to America."   (Reporting by Jonathan Allen; Editing by Dina Kyriakidou and Mary Milliken) 
Next In World News  
Pence heads to Europe on reassurance tour 
WASHINGTON U.S. Vice President Mike Pence will seek on Saturday to soothe allies unnerved by his boss' unorthodox statements on Russia and NATO as he stresses America's commitment to Europe during the first major foreign address for the Trump administration. 
Europe must not bow to U.S. spending demands on NATO: EU's Juncker 
MUNICH, Germany European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said on Thursday that Europe must not cave in to U.S demands to raise military spending, arguing that development and humanitarian aid could also count as security. 
Germany's Schaeuble says EU must assume more active global role 
BERLIN German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said on Friday the European Union must take on a bigger international role, saying the answer to crises from security to climate change, was to stick together and stop relying on the United States. 
MORE FROM REUTERS 
Sponsored Content 
From Around the Web Promoted by Revcontent 
Trending Stories 
Pictures 
Photos of the week 
Sponsored Topics 
X  
Follow Reuters: 
Follow Us On Twitter 
Follow Us On Facebook 
Follow Us On RSS 
Follow Us On Instagram 
Follow Us On YouTube 
Follow Us On LinkedIn 
Subscribe: 
Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps 
Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers 
Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters . Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: 
Eikon 
Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface 
Elektron 
Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management 
World-Check 
Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks 
Westlaw 
Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology 
ONESOURCE 
The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs
CHECKPOINT 
The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals 
All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. 
Site Feedback 
Corrections 
Advertising Guidelines 
Cookies 
Terms of Use 
Privacy Policy