Live updates | Xavier downs St. John's, 82-77                   /">   SUBSCRIBE NOW to get full access     Home   News   Sports   Business   Things To Do   NKY   Cincinnati USA   Obituaries   xtras   USA TODAY   Archives    Weather    Icon  Humidity  Precip.  Winds  Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip " value="" /> Cancel Set Close settings Full Forecast  Apps   Subscribe   Advertise   Media   Jobs  Homes  Cars  Retro Cincinnati  Business Directory   Classifieds   Shopping   Apartments   Communities   Member Guide   USA TODAY NETWORK   Moonlighting   More  Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Moonlighting        Follow   Search   Firefly  Hi  Already a subscriber? Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings. My Account  View the E-Newspaper  Manage your Newsletters  View your Xtras! deals and more  Member ID Card  Chat Support  Chat Support  Log Out       Get the news Log In or Subscribe to skip  Already a subscriber? Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access.      
2
Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about  Facebook Email Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest  Live updates | Xavier downs St. John's, 82-77 NEW YORK CITWelcome to The Enquirer's coverage of Xavier men's basketball's Sunday game against St. John's at Madison Square Garden. Refresh this website for in-game reporting and analysis from reporter Pat Brennan.    Post to Facebook    Live updates | Xavier downs St. John's, 82-77 &#13;&#13;NEW YORK CITWelcome to The Enquirer's coverage of Xavier men's basketball's Sunday game against St. John's at Madison Square Garden. Refresh this website for in-game reporting and analysis from reporter Pat Brennan. &#13;&#13;Check out this story on cincinnati.com: http://cin.ci/2jGYVOM 
{#
#}
Cancel Send  Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address.  Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.    Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs       Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access.     Live updates | Xavier downs St. John&#39;s, 82-77  Patrick Brennan , pbrennan@enquirer.com 
Published 6:17 p.m. ET Jan. 29, 2017 | Updated 8:33 p.m. ET Jan. 29, 2017      Xavier Musketeers guard Edmond Sumner (4) brings the ball up the court as Cincinnati Bearcats guard Kevin Johnson (25) and Cincinnati Bearcats guard Troy Caupain (10) defend in the first half during the 84th annual Skyline Chili Crosstown Shootout basketball game between the Xavier Musketeers and the Cincinnati Bearcats, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, at Fifth Third Arena in Cincinnati. (Photo: The Enquirer/Kareem Elgazzar)   
2
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE  NEW YORK CITY —  Welcome to The Enquirer's coverage of Xavier men's basketball's Sunday game against St. John's at Madison Square Garden. Refresh this website for in-game reporting and analysis from reporter Pat Brennan. Follow Pat on Twitter @PBrennanENQ .  FINAL: Xavier men's basketball won the game, but lost star guard Edmond Sumner in the process. The extent of his injuries is still unknown. Sumner appeared to to sustain a leg injury during a successful lay-up try in the second half of No. 24 Xavier's 82-77 win over St. John's University Red Storm (10-13, 4-6 Big East) Sunday night at Madison Square Garden. Sumner, who has battled a left shoulder injury for weeks, was helped off the court and eventually taken to the locker room. In Sumner's absence, Xavier nearly let the game slip away. The Musketeers (15-6, 5-3 Big East) saw a 15 point lead reduced to just two points down the stretch. Freshman Quentin Goodin played in place of Sumner (17 points, four rebounds) following the injury and came up big. Goodin went for a career-high 15 points. Goodin was already playing well, and came in after a breakout performance in Thursday's Skyline Chili Crosstown Shootout loss to the Cincinnati Bearcats. Junior guard Trevon Bluiett also showed up for the occassion, scoring 21 points against St. John's on the heels of his 40-point game against Cincinnati. The Enquirer will update this story.  3:26 2H, Xavier leading, 72-68 : Xavier had opportunities to put this game away a while ago, and led by as many as 15. Now, it looks like it's going to go down to the wire. Several Xavier players are on four fouls, too, which doesn't bode well should the game go to overtime. 7:36 2H, Xavier leading, 59-51: Xavier's grip on the game suddenly feels tenuous. Bluiett hit two 3-pointers to help stretch the Musketeers' lead to a game-high 15 points, but St. John's has since gone on a 7-0 run. St. John's has also been pressing Xavier, and the Musketeers have barely been able to break the press. 11:38 2H, Xavier leading, 51-39 :  Goodin has eight points, Bluiett is up to 11 and Sean O'Mara got a much-needed bucket, his first of the game. Xavier's on the verge of putting this game out of reach and claiming its fifth Big East win. 15:49 2H, Xavier leading, 42-34 : Xavier's stretched its lead to eight. Sumner now has 14 points, Bluiett's up to 9, and the Musketeers remain in control. HALFTIME : Xavier men's basketball took a 32-25 lead into the locker room at the break of Sunday's game against the St. John's University Red Storm (10-12, 4-5 Big East). The No. 24-ranked Musketeers (14-6, 4-3 Big East) got 11 points from sophomore guard Edmond Sumner and six points from junior guard Trevon Bluiett. Freshmen have factored heavily in the game for Xavier. Tyrique Jones started for the first time this season after an impressive outing in the Skyline Chili Crosstown Shootout on Thursday. Freshman Quentin Goodin, who also impressed in the Shootout, has six points against the Red Storm through 20 minutes of play. 3:32, Xavier leading, 26-20 : Nothing to worry about with Sumner's shoulder, apparently. Just before the under-four-minute media timeout, he tracked back on defense and soared to reject a St. John's layup off the backboard. Sumner has a game-high 12 points. He's also tallied an assist and a rebound.  Watch your six! HUGE block by @edmondsumner . #LetsGoX pic.twitter.com/vSXJGh5FHK &mdash; Xavier Gameday (@XavierGameday) January 29, 2017  7:44, Xavier leading, 21-15:  Shortly before the last stoppage, Edmond Sumner slid hard into the first row of seats and looked to be favoring his already-injured left shoulder. He then went to the foul line and clanked a free-throw off the iron. 11:54, Xavier leading, 17-13 : The Musketeers are running right at St. John's. The hosts don't have much of an answer. Sumner has nine points up to the moment in the game, and Bluiett has made each of his last two shots.  &quot;Look at the one-handed sledgehammer by Edmond Sumner!&quot; #SumnerSlams pic.twitter.com/KS5rSPLTaE &mdash; Xavier Gameday (@XavierGameday) January 29, 2017  15:44, Xavier leading, 9-4 : Xavier got off to a solid start. They lead through five points from sophomore guard Edmond Sumner and four points from junior guard J.P. Macura. Pregame : Xavier makes two changes to its starting lineup – the most this season. Head coach Chris Mack made good on his rhetorical comment following the Crosstown Shootout loss in which he suggested maybe Tyrique Jones should be playing more. Jones makes his first start of the year alongside graduate transfer Malcolm Bernard, who returns to the starting five following a one-game absence. Usual starters Trevon Bluiett, Edmond Sumner and J.P. Macura are also starting.  
2
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE    
TOP VIDEOS
Celebrities from New Orleans, site of the NBA All-Star Game 1:24    NBA has too many All-Star caliber guards 1:04    Cubs star Kris Bryant has had one heck of a year 1:19    NBA will bring star power for All-Star Saturday 0:56    The problem with Germaine de Randamie&#39;s UFC title reign 2:48    Early MLB spring training headlines 1:22    Director Peter Berg dishes on new TV show &#39;QB1: Beyond the Lights&#39; 6:56    Rumor wins Westminster Kennel Club&#39;s Best in Show 0:40    These four NFL players could get a franchise tag 1:40    How to walk a dog at Westminster 1:48    Gonzaga stays atop men&#39;s college basketball poll 1:23    Timeline of Conor McGregor, Floyd Mayweather’s verbal exchanges 2:12    Kevin Love to miss six weeks following surgery 0:46    Daytona 500: What is Speedweeks? 0:41    NFL draft prospect diary: Week 1 0:59    Lance Armstrong handed defeat by federal judge 0:57    Jerry Sandusky&#39;s son charged with child sex abuse 1:24    New York Giants release wide receiver Victor Cruz 1:04    NBA weekend review: Kevin Durant quiets OKC crowd 1:39    Kevin Durant&#39;s return to OKC was &#39;hostile&#39; 1:39    Warriors win in Kevin Durant&#39;s return to Oklahoma City 1:03    Dogs meet cats at Westminster 1:39    NCAA committee reveals its early top 16 seeds 0:58    Tiger Woods withdraws from two PGA Tour events 1:32    Russell Westbrook addresses Kevin Durant&#39;s return to OKC 1:32