Westlake taking it game by game            /">   SUBSCRIBE NOW for home delivery     Home   News   Sports   Business   Opinion   Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Insider   USA Today   Media   More  Home News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Insider USA Today Media    firefly  Hi  Already a subscriber? Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings. My Account  View the E-Newspaper  Manage your Newsletters  Log Out   Social    Follow    Search       Get the news Log In or Subscribe to skip  Already a subscriber? Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access.        Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about  Facebook Email Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest  Westlake taking it game by game Westlake High boys basketball coach Kyle Kegley say it’s become a one-game season for his Warriors.    Post to Facebook    Westlake taking it game by game &#13;&#13;Westlake High boys basketball coach Kyle Kegley say it’s become a one-game season for his Warriors. &#13;&#13;Check out this story on vcstar.com: http://www.vcstar.com/story/sports/high-school/basketball/2017/01/29/westlake-taking-game-game/97196880/ 
{#
#}
Cancel Send  Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address.  Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.    Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs       Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access.     Westlake taking it game by game  
Loren Ledin, lledin@vcstar.com, 805-437-0285
Published 1:04 p.m. PT Jan. 29, 2017 | Updated 9:58 a.m. PT Jan. 30, 2017      Westlake High (Photo: Contributed)    CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE  Westlake High boys basketball coach Kyle Kegley say it’s become a one-game season for his Warriors. Or, really, it’s all about the NEXT Marmonte League game. “To be honest, we’re looking only at the game in front of us. Our goal that night is to be 1-0,” said Kegley. “After that, it’s onto the next game and we want to be 1-0. That’s exactly what we have to do in a league as tough as ours. If we don’t focus completely on our next game — if we play a bad game that night — we’re going to lose.” Last week was a rousing success for Westlake, which twice went 1-0. A clutch 69-58 victory over Oaks Christian on Tuesday was followed up by a gritty and precious 46-43 victory over arch rival Thousand Oaks on Friday. The win over the Lancers avenged a 65-58 loss in the opener and moves Westlake into second place in the Marmonte League standings. Westlake checks in 4-2 in league (14-9 overall). That’s two games behind first-place Calabasas (15-8, 6-0) and one game in front of both Thousand Oaks and Oaks Christian. Friday night’s victory on Thousand Oaks’ home floor represented an emotional homecoming for Kegley. The Warriors’ first-year coach is a Thousand Oaks graduate and former standout player for the Lancers. “I’m not going to lie,” said Kegley. “There was definitely some extra flavor for me walking back into that gym. But you know what? Thousand Oaks-Westlake is a rivalry that belongs to the players. “It was a tough, physical close game, as it should be when it’s Thousand Oaks-Westlake. All the players kept battling all the way to finish when we needed one last stop to put up the win.” The victory certainly showed off progress for the Warriors, which did all the things it didn’t do in the opening-night loss to Thousand Oaks. “In that game, we got dominated in the paint,” said Kegley. “They controlled the boards, got all kinds of second chances, and were the more aggressive team. That showed up in all the free throws they shot that night. “We were a different team (Friday night). We battled and clawed and played tough defense. I’m sure people looked at the score and asked, ‘What happened?’ That’s the Marmonte League and every game is different and hard-fought. You have to be prepared to battle for everything.” Among the good news for Westlake is the continuing upgrade in play. Adam Hess has been a steady force all season. Drew Brackens is coming on fast and scored a team-high 15 points vs. Thousand Oaks. Kevin Fassu has returned from injury and grabbed 15 rebounds against Oaks Christian. “What I continue to love about this group is that they’re fighters,” said Kegley. “That’s they way I tried to play and that’s the way these players go at it. They work hard in practice and it carries over to the way they play.” UP, UP AND AWAY Riley Battin’s speedy ascent up the county’s all-time scoring ladder is reaching giddy heights. After scoring 22 points in Oak Park’s 81-50 victory over Royal on Friday night, the 6-foot-10 junior now has scored 2,036 points in two-plus seasons. He is within 15 points of passing up Ron Lee as Oak Park’s all-time scoring leader and moving into third place among the county’s all-time leaders. He almost certainly will become No. 1 on the county list next season. Don MacLean of Simi Valley High, who went on to become the all-time scoring leader at UCLA and the Pac-12 Conference, scored 2,343 points in his high school career from 1986-88. He also pulled down 1,120 rebounds There is a caveat to consider. MacLean played in an era when freshmen were ineligible, so he piled up his points in three seasons. THE STAR’S RANKINGS  1. OAK PARK   Comment: Riley Battin will soon become program's all-time scoring leader.  2. OXNARD  Comment: Yellowjackets keeping level high against league opponents.  3. CALABASAS  Comment: Two-game lead in Marmonte race.  4. WESTLAKE  Comment: Big week wins over Oaks Christian, Thousand Oaks.  5. THOUSAND OAKS   Comment: Gets shot at Calabasas on Friday night.  6. ROYAL  Comment: It's a real dogfight for second place in league .  7. SIMI VALLEY  Comment: See above.  8. BUENA   Comment: Bulldogs finally get first league win.  9. CAMARILLO   Comment: Guess what? Scorpions learning to play with Jaime Jaquez Jr.  10. ST. BONAVENTURE   Comment: Seraphs poised to do damage in postseason .  CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE