Elmira lead slips twice in loss to Thunder            /">   SUBSCRIBE NOW to get full access     Home   News   Sports   Opinion   Business   Go!   NY Data   Obituaries   Video-Photo   Travel   Archives   Insider   USA TODAY   More  Home News Sports Opinion Business Go! NY Data Obituaries Video-Photo Travel Archives Insider USA TODAY    Social    Follow   Search   Firefly  Hi  Already a subscriber? Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings. My Account  View the E-Newspaper  Manage your Newsletters  Chat Support  Chat Support  Log Out       Get the news Log In or Subscribe to skip  Already a subscriber? Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access.      
7
Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about  Facebook Email Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest  Elmira lead slips twice in loss to Thunder Despite leading twice, Jackals fall to Adirondack, 3-2    Post to Facebook    Elmira lead slips twice in loss to Thunder &#13;&#13;Despite leading twice, Jackals fall to Adirondack, 3-2 &#13;&#13;Check out this story on stargazette.com: http://stargaz.tt/2jHopf3 
{#
#}
Cancel Send  Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address.  Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.    Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs       Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access.     Elmira lead slips twice in loss to Thunder  
Staff report bgmsports@gannett.com
Published 8:22 p.m. ET Jan. 29, 2017 | Updated 8:26 p.m. ET Jan. 29, 2017      Elmira Jackals logo. (Photo: File image)   
7
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE  The Elmira Jackals gave up two one-goal leads in a 3-2 loss to the hosting Adirondack Thunder on Sunday at First Arena. Elmira opened the scoring with a goal from Sebastien Sylvestre 6 minutes, 55 seconds into the first period. Greg Betzhold set up Sylvestre who scored on the near post for his 13th goal on the season. The Thunder tied the score with a goal from the stick of Mikkel Aagaard off a feed from James Henry.  Jackals surrender eight goals in Saturday loss   Elmira reclaimed a one-goal advantage with Betzhold finding the back of the net. Sylvestre started the play with a shot on Thunder goaltender Drew Fielding. Fielding made the initial save but allowed Betzhold to finish off the rebound. Stepan Falkovsky scored twice to give the Thunder (21-13-4-3) the win. Falkovsky scored the winning goal with under five minutes left on a 4-on-3 rush. The Jackals (9-28-5-0) open February up with a trip to Brampton on Thursday BU (12-11, 3-5 in America East) hosts UMBC on Wednesday..  
7
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE    
TOP VIDEOS
Today in History for February 17th 1:37    NBA will bring star power for All-Star Saturday 0:56    Video: Section 4 wrestling practice 1:13    Video: Waverly girls win title 0:41    Nicholas Baer on the danger of slow starts 0:33    What has been Tyler Cook&#39;s biggest college adjustment? 0:47    These four NFL players could get a franchise tag 1:40    MLB Spring Training: &#39;Cutie ball&#39; to return to Twins open house? 0:43    Early MLB spring training headlines 1:22    Video: O-M girls become an IAC power 1:14