Saudi Arabia: Warnings of increasing victim's investors "Forex" 
arabic stock markets 
Home
Forex Warnings
Saudi Arabia: Warnings of increasing victim's investors "Forex" 
Saudi Arabia: Warnings of increasing victim's investors "Forex"
When currency speculation spread recently
in the markets of Saudi Arabia to a great extent, some professionals warned from
expanding in investment in the currency markets as they have lots of dangers
that may lead to a complete loss of capital within only one day. They asked the
official bodies to culture and protect the investors from marketing campaign
that lead them to the investment inferno. 
The
currency markets have severe dangers and the specialists are not advised to
have shares in them because they are basically used to beware against the spending
prices by the traders and importers to benefit from the changes of the main
currency in front of the American dollar. They do not be used to speculate because
this has high risk of non-professionals. So, the owners of these companies are trying
to commercialize this activity as an attractive activity for those investors of
little experience so that they have great loss and some of them lose the entire
investment in this market.    
The present official warnings recently increased
at the time when the foreign companies  extensively promoted for their services
within the Kingdom to attract Saudi individuals enter into the currency markets
"Forex" and to provide credit facilities of up to 500%, and entice
them to expand their center of investment to collect more commissions. When
there is loss, they liquidate the customer Center without telling him,
depending on currency trading, which gives the company the right to maintain
their rights through the immediate liquidation, leading to the bankruptcy of
the investors. 
Official
warning 
Initially, he said to the
"Arab News" a source at the Saudi Ministry of Trade and Industry who preferred
anonymity, it is known that the financial companies that have trade currencies
and want to deal with the local market take their licenses from the Saudi
Arabian Monetary Agency to conduct its work systematically in the Saudi market.
But with the large spread of technology, a lot of these foreign companies are
trying to entice the customers in the local markets without an official license
through websites. This could be done through the rapid loss and doubling the
finance portfolio for several times to attract the largest number of traders. Therefore,
when there are losses and financial shocks, the trader is the scapegoat, making
him is subject to bankruptcy.     
The source added that every trader in the
local market has to ensure that the foreign companies deal with a license to
carry on the work and look at the contracts and to show them to legal advisers
to know the dimensions of this investment step and know the rights. Since the
fact that the majority of these foreign companies rely on the financial
temptation factor, makes a lot of traders in the local market and other markets
fell in the trap. 
High Dangers 
The financial adviser Mansour Al-Sulaiman commented
on this, saying that the investment trade currencies is high risky, and is one
of the most dangerous types of financial investments, especially as it relates
to financial facilities provide the customers in the market high credit lines
of up to a rate of 500 per cent of the capital. So, he who has ten thousand
dollars can speculate, including approximately 50 thousand dollars. In addition,
trading in the currency markets require extensive financial experience, an
accurate following-up, and see the statistics and data affecting the market and
the movement of currencies, and its date of publication, including what protect
the speculator from abrupt changes of markets as a direct result of the
declared data. 
He continued, saying: "The majority
of the investment currencies, companies seek to attract the largest amount of
customers without focusing on their financial awareness. Many of these
companies are seeking to attract the inexperienced and entice them to double
their capital shortly, thus these practices lead to bankruptcy of traders within
a few days later as a result of falling in the trap and the lack of financial
know-how to deal with these markets. 
This
unknown person pointed out in this respect that the speculative companies
currency has become a center used to attract gullible traders by telling them fake
stories about the change of the situation of traders from poverty stage to the financial
one and to play on the quick rich and the achievement of dreams within a few
days to gain more gullible customers and thereby achieve high commissions and gains.
Also, he asked for the necessity of carrying out comprehensive awareness
campaigns supervised by the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of economy and
planning with the Monetary Authority, chambers of commerce in the Kingdom to
raise the level of financial awareness to citizens and residents alike in order
to show the danger of investing in such markets and the most suitable ways for
the development of citizens' savings, social, economic and the negative effects
that are caused by lack of understanding of the consequences of such financial
investments. 
Forex Warnings
Facebook 
Twitter 
Google Plus 
Subscribe via Email 
Newer Post 
Older Post 
Popular Posts 
Saudi Arabia: Warnings of increasing victim's investors "Forex" 
Telework: A new program by the Saudi Labor Ministry (Available Jobs Now) 
Copyright &#169; arabic stock markets 
Design by Gian MR | Back to the top