MORE HYPOCRISY: Obama Banned all Iraqi Refugees for 6 Months in 2011 – Liberals SAID NOTHING! - Tea Party News 
Our mission is to bring awareness to any issue which challenges the security, sovereignty or domestic tranquility of our beloved nation, The United States of America. 
DONATE 
HOME 
Home 
About Us 
Contact Us 
Projects 
Fax Project 
Phone Project 
Petition Project 
Pink Slip 
Hot Tea 
Martial Law 
Donate 
Command Center 
MORE HYPOCRISY: Obama Banned all Iraqi Refugees for 6 Months in 2011 – Liberals SAID NOTHING! 
Share this
Tweet this
Google +
Email this 
January 29, 2017 10:31 am 
Invasion U.S.A. 
(Gateway Pundit) &#8211; Protests erupted at JFK’s terminal 4 on Saturday after incoming refugees were detained by customs and border patrol agents following Trump’s executive order temporarily banning refugees from 7 Muslim countries. 
Of course, back in 2011 when Barack Obama banned Iraqi refugees for six months the far left said nothing! 
In 2011 the US discovered Al-Qaeda terrorists living as refugees in Kentucky. 
As a result of this discovery the Obama administration blocked all Iraqi refugees from entering the US for six months. 
There were no protests. 
The left said nothing. 
ABC reported: 
As a result of the Kentucky case, the State Department stopped processing Iraq refugees for six months in 2011, federal officials told ABC News – even for many who had heroically helped U.S. forces as interpreters and intelligence assets. One Iraqi who had aided American troops was assassinated before his refugee application could be processed, because of the immigration delays, two U.S. officials said. In 2011, fewer than 10,000 Iraqis were resettled as refugees in the U.S., half the number from the year before, State Department statistics show. 
Donald Trump, Jr. weighed in: 
Obama banned all Iraqi refugees for six months in 2011. Even those who aided our military. Media said nothing. #MAGA #MuslimBan pic.twitter.com/rtaYPornLx 
&mdash; Donald Trump Jr. (@DenaldJTrumpJr) January 28, 2017 
www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/01/hypocrisy-obama-banned-iraqi-refugees-6-months-2011-liberals-said-nothing/ 
New York Muslim Who Plotted ISIS Machete Attack Screams In Court: “There’s Going To Be More Of Us” 
‘No Way in Hell’ Mattis Approves of Travel Ban, Cries Dem Lawmaker; Who Wants to Break the Truth to Him? 
Top Stories 
Syrian-Born Muslim Mayor Signs Executive Order Making His N.J. Bo... 
(Gateway Pundit) - New Jersey-Syrian-born Muslim Mayor, Mohamed T Khairullah signed an executive order on Friday declaring the borough a sanctuary cit... 
ALERT – We Just Found Out WHO Is Behind the Anti-Trump Lawsuits 
Billionaire leftist teams up with Democrat attorneys general to bury administration in legal challenges
(Lifezette) - More than a dozen lawsuits an... 
Leftist Judges Appointed by Carter and Obama Block Trump’s Appeal... 
(Gateway Pundit) - Early this morning a US Appeals Court rejected President Trump’s appeal to immediately reinstate the travel ban executed by the adm... 
City Council Member Urges Illegals to ‘Fight Back’ Ag... 
Illegals on high alert following executive order signed by President Trump
(Infowars) - An Austin, Texas, city council member is encouraging illega... 
Father of Son Killed by Illegal Immigrant Slams Chuck Schumer: “T... 
(Gateway Pundit) - Jamiel Shaw, Sr. supported Donald Trump for president because Trump promised to end illegal immigration.
Jamiel’s son Jaz was gu... 
California Floats Plan to Become Sanctuary State 
Democrats ramp up efforts to battle Trump's immigration policies
(CBS LA/AP) — California may prohibit local law enforcement from cooperating with ... 
Share this
Tweet this
Google +
Email this 
Comments 
Please help us stay spam-free. Mouse over a spam post and click the X to report spam. 
Copyright © 2017 Tea Party, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
- Privacy Policy - 
Terms of Use 
Get daily news alerts from the Tea Party with the latest breaking news impacting the country.  
Subscribe Now 
x