Magic break 3-game losing streak, upset Raptors 114-113 - Orlando Sentinel 
Get alerts for the latest Magic, Knights, Gators, Seminoles and soccer news  
Sports 
Orlando Magic 
Magic break 3-game losing streak, upset Raptors 114-113 
Serge Ibaka, Jonas Valanciunas, Nikola Vucevic  Frank Gunn, Canadian Press  Toronto Raptors center Jonas Valanciunas drives between Orlando Magic forward Serge Ibaka (left) and Magic center Nikola Vucevic (right)  Toronto Raptors center Jonas Valanciunas drives between Orlando Magic forward Serge Ibaka (left) and Magic center Nikola Vucevic (right) (Frank Gunn, Canadian Press)    
Josh Robbins  Contact Reporter Orlando Sentinel   Privacy Policy 
TORONTO — After the reeling Orlando Magic turned in one of their most lethargic performances in years in a blowout loss Friday, coach Frank Vogel had to say something. On Saturday, he ripped into his team during an intense film-review session at the team hotel. 
“He set fire to us,” point guard D.J. Augustin said. “We need that sometimes. We’re a young team, so when he does things like that, it kind of sets a fire to us and makes us want to play with an urgency.” It carried over into Sunday night. 
Showing a competitive spirit they have too often lacked this season, the Magic shocked the Toronto Raptors 114-113 at the Air Canada Centre. “We were very embarrassed with how we played the other night,” Vogel said. “All of us were. I made that clear that I was and that that wasn’t good enough. We played a better game tonight.” Everyone played better. The Magic brought more intensity on defense, especially in transition. They moved the ball on offense and hit their shots. And center Nikola Vucevic set the tone for his teammates by scoring 25 points, collecting 10 rebounds, dishing out five assists and blocking four shots. 
Vucevic saved perhaps his best play of the night for when his Magic teammates needed it most. With Orlando clinging to a 107-101 lead late in the fourth quarter, Vucevic swatted a layup attempt by Kyle Lowry. A few seconds later, Jeff Green sank a 3-pointer to extend the Magic’s advantage to nine points. 
Magic-Raptors postgame interview: Frank Vogel   Frank Vogel discusses the Orlando Magic's 114-113 win over the Toronto Raptors in this postgame video   Frank Vogel discusses the Orlando Magic's 114-113 win over the Toronto Raptors in this postgame video    See more videos       Vucevic’s block may have saved the game. Less than 48 hours earlier, the Magic looked awful and lazy in a 128-98 loss to the Boston Celtics. Nothing went right. The defense, the shot selection and the effort were atrocious. “We got truly embarrassed,” Green said. “We had to redeem ourselves by coming out here tonight and playing against a good team and just playing hard. I think we did that.” Vucevic said the Magic deserved Vogel’s diatribe. “We had a really poor performance against Boston with terrible effort,” Vucevic said. “It was expected from him to have that reaction. I think guys need it to hear him like that. I think we needed that from him maybe even a little bit sooner.” For a while, though, it looked like the Raptors (29-19) would rout the Magic (19-30) as easily as Boston did. Toronto took a 49-39 lead when Jonas Valanciunas made a free throw with 6:52 remaining in the second quarter. 
Magic-Raptors postgame interview: Bismack Biyombo   Bismack Biyombo discusses the Orlando Magic's 114-113 win over the Toronto Raptors in this postgame video   Bismack Biyombo discusses the Orlando Magic's 114-113 win over the Toronto Raptors in this postgame video    See more videos       But the game’s tone suddenly shifted. Serge Ibaka made a turnaround fadeaway jumper. Elfrid Payton scored on a layup from a pass from Vucevic. And then Vucevic scored on a layup after he collected a no-look pass from Payton. The outburst ignited a 19-0 Magic run, with Vucevic scoring eight of those points and contributing two assists. “It is as bad as we have played all year,” Raptors coach Dwane Casey said. With their victory, the Magic snapped a three-game losing streak. More importantly, they showed some fire. “I can’t blow my top every game,” Vogel said. “We’ve got to be able to do this on a consistent basis.” 
Magic-Raptors postgame interview: Jeff Green   Jeff Green discusses the Orlando Magic's 114-113 win over the Toronto Raptors in this postgame video   Jeff Green discusses the Orlando Magic's 114-113 win over the Toronto Raptors in this postgame video    See more videos       The Magic limited the Raptors to 45.6 percent shooting — not a great defensive performance but a significant improvement from other performances lately. “We’ve just got to continue to play the same way,” Augustin said. “It’s a big win for us.” Augustin scored 21 points off the bench, while Green added 16 points of his own. “We played together,” Green said. “I think that was the best part.” No, the best part was their effort. jrobbins@orlandosentinel.com. Read his blog at OrlandoSentinel.com/magicblog and follow him on Twitter at @JoshuaBRobbins. 
Copyright
&copy; 2017, Orlando Sentinel 
Basketball 
More sports coverage 
All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries   
55&deg;