It seems the UK really, really doesn&#39;t want Trump to meet the Queen 
Mashable 
We're using cookies to improve your experience.
Click Here to find out more. 
Mashable 
Mashable Asia 
Mashable Australia 
Mashable France 
Mashable India 
Mashable UK 
Sign in 
Like 
Follow
Follow 
Mashable
see more &gt; 
Search 
Videos 
Social Media 
Tech 
Business 
Entertainment 
World 
Lifestyle 
Watercooler 
Shop 
More 
Channels 
Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop  
Company About Us Licensing &amp; Reprints Archive Mashable Careers  
Contact Contact Us Submit News  
Advertise Advertise  
Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy  
Apps iPhone / iPad Android  
Resources Subscriptions  
Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit  
Watercooler 
Like 
Follow 
Follow 
It seems the UK really, really doesn&#39;t want Trump to meet the Queen 
27.1k 
Shares 
Share 
Tweet 
Share 
What&#39;s This? 
UK Prime Minister Theresa May with US President Donald Trump in the Oval Office. Image: PA Wire/PA Images 
By Ariel Bogle 2017-01-30 01:16:50 UTC 
This is what it's like when British people tell you, politely but firmly, to bugger off.  
A petition demanding the UK government prevent U.S. President Donald Trump from making a state visit because it would be an "embarrassment" for him to meet Queen Elizabeth II has been signed 861,658 times. 
"Donald Trump's well documented misogyny and vulgarity disqualifies him from being received by Her Majesty the Queen or the Prince of Wales," the petition reads.  
SEE ALSO: Airbnb offers free housing to those affected by Muslim travel ban 
Trump was invited to come for a state visit after he met with Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington D.C. on Friday, but his far-reaching Muslim travel ban has caused outrage on the other side of the Atlantic. 
Sadiq Khan, London's first Muslim mayor, spoke out against Trump's visit. "We should not be rolling out the red carpet for President Trump," he said, according to Sky News — not while the "cruel and shameful" ban was in place. 
Graham Guest of Leeds, who started the petition, told the Independent it wasn't initially intended as a counter to Trump's actions against refugees and Muslim immigrants, but now he thinks the president shouldn't come at all. 
"It's added a new dimension to things and until that ban is lifted I don't think he should come to the country at all in any capacity," he said. "I mean, if he's photographed stood next to the Queen it makes him look like a statesman, which of course he's not." 
Needless to say, the petition's skyrocketing popularity is causing Twitter paroxysms of joy. 
The popular Twitter account @AltNatParkSer tweeted Sunday at Trump that "more people voted to ban you from the UK in the last 12 hours, than turned up to your #Inauguration." 
Although the National Park Service no longer provides official crowd estimates, it seems certain that Trump's inauguration nowhere near matched President Barack Obama's record crowds of 1.8 million in 2009. 
. @POTUS more people voted to ban you from the UK in the last 12 hours, than turned up to your #Inauguration . Let that sink in. #TrumpBan . pic.twitter.com/9sZhhfqSc9 
— AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 29, 2017 
Made on the UK's official petitions website, the government is obliged to respond to petitions with more than 10,000 signatures, while parliament also considers such petitions for debate. 
If parliament does take up the issue, it will not be the first time UK politicians have debated banning Trump from the country. In Jan. 2016, Members of Parliament scrapped over whether he should be barred or his unfortunate views confronted in person. Some MPs called him a "wazzock" and a "ridiculous individual." 
In that case, the official government response clarified that it is up to the Home Secretary to bar an individual if she "considers their presence in the UK to be non-conducive to the public good." The current Home Secretary is the MP Amber Rudd. 
The embarrassment may in fact be Trump's if he does meet the Queen, especially given his previous comments regarding her daughter-in-law Kate Middleton after paparazzi captured images of her topless on vacation in 2012. The Queen never forgets. 
Who wouldn't take Kate's picture and make lots of money if she does the nude sunbathing thing. Come on Kate! 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 17, 2012 
BONUS: Here's a clip of Kellyanne Conway's previous (and mercifully brief) career in stand-up comedy 
Topics:
Conversations , Donald Trump , petition , Politics , Queen Elizabeth II , state visit , theresa may , UK , Watercooler 
About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms  
Mashable
is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. 
&copy;2005-2017
Mashable, Inc.
Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Designed in collaboration with Code &amp; Theory