For Hawk Harrelson, eight decades in professional baseball would be great 
Sections 
Search 
Help/Info 
Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery 
Subscribe 
Help/Info 
Breaking News Bar 
White Sox 
updated: 1/29/2017 7:03 PM 
For Hawk Harrelson, eight decades in professional baseball would be great
Facebook 
Twitter 200 
Email 
Print 
Comments 0 
hello
Article to: (required) 
Article from: (required) 
Add a message (optional) 
Success - Article sent! 
close 
On May 13 this season, the first 20,000 fans at the White Sox game against the San Diego Padres will get a talking Hawk Harrelson alarm clock. 
Photo courtesy of Chicago White Sox 
Scot Gregor 
Follow @scotgregor 
SoxFest is in the books, and for the most part, fans that filled the Hilton Chicago over the weekend were quite supportive of the club's overdue decision to rebuild. 
During a seminar Saturday morning, one Chicago White Sox fan went so far as to tell general manager Rick Hahn he should be wearing a mask after getting top pitching prospects Lucas Giolito, Reynaldo Lopez and Dane Dunning from the Washington Nationals in a trade for outfielder Adam Eaton. 
Giolito, Lopez, Yoan Moncada, Michael Kopech and homegrown prospects such as Zack Collins, Zack Burdi and Spencer Adams all will be in major-league camp when spring training opens Feb. 14 in Glendale, Arizona. 
As we wait for baseball to build back up, let's take a final look at some SoxFest highlights. 
Hawk talk: 
There are plenty of new faces on the roster, and Rick Renteria is the White Sox's new manager. 
But a very familiar face returns to the TV booth: Hawk Harrelson will be back for his 33rd season broadcasting Sox baseball. 
The 75-year-old Harrelson is calling mainly road games for the second straight year, and he wants to keep working through the 2020 season. 
Why 2020? 
"Four more years will put me in a very select group that's been in professional baseball for eight decades," Harrelson said. "Vin (Scully) was in eight decades, Don Zimmer was in there eight decades, Dave Garcia was in there. There's probably only four or five guys in that group, in that club, so to speak." 
Harrelson also wants his grandchildren to hear him broadcast White Sox games. 
On May 13, the first 20,000 fans at the Sox's game against the San Diego Padres get a talking Harrelson alarm clock. 
Back in business: 
Infielder Tyler Saladino said his lower back has healed up and he's 100 percent healthy heading into spring training. 
Saladino missed the final two weeks of last season with a herniated disk in his back. He had an epidural in late September. 
"The epidural calmed it all down," said Saladino, who avoided surgery. "It's good now." 
Back issues can be brutal for major-league players, but Saladino feels confident he has the problem under control. 
"October was all physical therapy, and in November it was physical therapy and the gym," Saladino said. "I also concentrated on my core in the gym and never realized there are so many other exercises and stretches that need to be done to keep your back strengthened. After the pain I felt at the end of last season, I'm motivated to keep it strong." 
Remembering Sale: 
Before being traded to Boston, Chris Sale had some memorable run-ins with the front office and former manager Robin Ventura. 
But the ace left-hander was well liked by most of his teammates and he'll be missed. 
"Chris is a guy that took me under his wing," Carlos Rodon said. "We got along great. He's a good friend of mine, a mentor. He showed me the ropes, the ins and outs of the clubhouse and whatnot. 
"It's tough to see him go, but he's on to better things. It's been a win-win for both these organizations, the Red Sox and the White Sox. They get Chris and we get some real good talent. Same thing with (Adam) Eaton. We get some good talent and move Eaton. Those two are on to better things and we're making something." 
Familiar face: 
New starting pitching prospect Lucas Giolito didn't know many of his new teammates when SoxFest opened Friday, but he did recognize Carson Fulmer, the White Sox's first-round draft pick (No. 8 overall) in 2015 out of Vanderbilt. 
"Carson Fulmer has impressed me," said Giolito, acquired from the Nationals in the Adam Eaton trade. "I remember watching him when he was in college and I played with him a little bit throughout the summers, junior and senior year of high school, at showcases and whatnot." 
Get articles sent to your inbox. 
Click here to sign up for the 
White Sox
Newsletter
Tweet 
This article filed under: 
Sports 
Chicago 
MLB 
White Sox 
Baseball 
Members Get More 
Pro Men 
Video 
White Sox Newsletter 
Article Comments ( )
Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. 
If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service , click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ .
News 
Sports 
Business 
Entertainment 
Lifestyle 
Opinion 
Follow Us 
Facebook 
Twitter 
Google+ 
Pinterest 
LinkedIn 
YouTube 
About Us 
Subscribe | 
Customer Services | 
Feedback | 
Advertise | 
Jobs at Daily Herald | 
Terms of Service | 
Privacy Policy | 
Copyright &copy; 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc. 
Winner - 2015 Best Website  Illinois Press Association 
Sections 
Search 
Help/Info 
close 
Home &raquo; 
Today's stories 
E-Edition 
Photos 
Videos 
Communities 
Weather 
Latest Weekly Ads 
Sponsored Content 
2016 Readers' Choice 
News &raquo; 
Cook County 
DuPage County 
Kane County 
Lake County 
McHenry County 
Crime 
Chicago 
State &amp; Region 
Nation &amp; World 
Obituaries 
Politics 
Sports &raquo; 
High School 
Bears 
Blackhawks 
Bulls 
Cubs 
White Sox 
Horse Racing 
Fire 
Sky 
Wolves 
Prep Basketball 
Prep Football 
Business &raquo; 
Stocks &amp; Markets 
Finance 
Health 
Technology 
Real Estate 
Foreclosures 
Property Transfers 
Industry Insights 
Community Publications 
Progress 2015 
Entertainment &raquo; 
Celebrities 
Movies 
Dining 
Literature 
Music 
Puzzles 
Television 
Theater 
Events Calendar 
Suburban Chicago's Got Talent 
Short &amp; Sweet Theater Reviews 
Oaklee's Family Guide 
Lifestyle &raquo; 
Food 
Health &amp; Fitness 
Home &amp; Garden 
Suburban Parent 
Travel 
Classic Cars 
Celebrations 
Cook of the Week Challenge 
Fittest Loser 
Room for Living 
Oaklee's Family Guide 
Opinion &raquo; 
Letters to the Editor 
Editorials 
Classifieds &raquo; 
Place an Ad 
Autos 
Real Estate 
Jobs 
Property Transfers 
Merchandise for Sale 
Business Service Directory 
Garage Sales 
Announcements 
Legal Notices 
Obituaries &raquo; 
Recent Obituaries 
Search Obituaries 
Place an Obituary 
Shopping &raquo; 
Today's Ads 
Weekly Sales Flyers 
Local Businesses 
Garage Sales 
Search DailyHerald.com for articles 
More ways to search Daily Herald
Obituaries 
Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. &raquo;
Daily Herald newspaper archive 
Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. &raquo;
Digital Subscriptions
Activate Subscriber Access 
Purchase a Digital Subscription 
Home Delivery
Start a New Subscription 
Manage Account