Trump gives Stephen Bannon National Security Council role                 /">   SUBSCRIBE NOW to get home delivery     News   Sports   Life   Money   Tech   Travel   Opinion    Weather    Icon  Humidity  Precip.  Winds  Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip " value="" /> Cancel Set Close settings Full Forecast  Crosswords  Washington   Video  Stocks  Apps  Best-Selling Books  Classifieds  College  Corrections  Interactives  Newsletters  Photo Galleries  Scores  Newsstand  Podcasts  Investigations  Policing the USA   Moonlighting    More  News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost    Search   Firefly  Hi  Already a subscriber? Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAY Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings. My Account  Log Out       Get the news Log In or Subscribe to skip  Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google Sign in FAQ      
60405
59
Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about  Facebook Email Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest  Trump gives Stephen Bannon National Security Council role President Trump reshuffled the National Security Council, giving Stephen Bannon regular access to the principals committee.    Post to Facebook    Trump gives Stephen Bannon National Security Council role &#13;&#13;President Trump reshuffled the National Security Council, giving Stephen Bannon regular access to the principals committee. &#13;&#13;Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jE4r4t 
{#
#}
Cancel Send  Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address.  Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.   
122
Join the Nation&#39;s Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs          Trump gives Stephen Bannon National Security Council role   Steph Solis , USA TODAY 
Published 3:51 a.m. ET Jan. 29, 2017 | Updated 9:46 a.m. ET Jan. 29, 2017  
741 Shares
CLOSE   Skip in  Skip  x Embed   x Share         
President-elect Donald Trump&#39;s chief strategist Stephen Bannon is causing a social media firestorm with his controversial commentary and projects. Let&#39;s take a closer look at some of his past positions.
USA TODAY NETWORK  In one of three executive actions Saturday, President Trump reshuffled the National Security Council to include his chief strategist, Stephen Bannon, and limited the roles of the director of national intelligence and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. The memorandum makes the chief strategist a regular attendee of the principals committee, the Cabinet-level interagency forum that deals with policy issues affecting national security. For Bannon, the Washington outsider who ran the conservative website Breitbart News, it's another area of federal government in which he will have influence. The Trump strategist is already considered a controversial choice for chief strategist because of Breitbart News's tendency to cater to white nationalists and previous comments he's made (i.e. "turn on the hate" ). The memo also stated that the director of national intelligence and the chairman of the Join Chiefs of Staff will attend the principals committee meetings when issues related to their responsibilities are needed. According to The Hill, both officials have been regular attendees to principals committee meetings.  In this file photo, Stephen Bannon watches as Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump addresses the final rally of his 2016 presidential campaign at DeVos Place in Grand Rapids, Mich. (Photo: Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images)  You can read the full memo here .  
  Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jE4r4t   
Most Popular
Trump falsely claims biggest electoral win since Reagan 
1.1k Shares
Fox host Shepard Smith slams president, Trump supporters call for his head 
12k Shares
FEC official wants proof of New Hampshire voter fraud claims 
3.8k Shares
Rep. Cummings: 'I have no idea why' Trump made up story about me 
2.4k Shares
Reps. Nancy Pelosi, Elijah Cummings fall for fake Flynn account on Twitter 
2.6k Shares
Black plastic covers windows, blocking reporters' views of Trump golfing 
258 Shares