Wounded Warrior Amputee team in a league all their own - Orlando Sentinel 
Get alerts for the latest Magic, Knights, Gators, Seminoles and soccer news  
Sports 
NFL, Pro Bowl, Super Bowl 
Wounded Warrior Amputee team in a league all their own 
David Whitley plays in Wounded Warriors Flag Football Game   Orlando Sentinel columnist David Whitley plays during a NFL Pro Bowl/Wounded Warrior Amputee flag football game at Dr. Phillips High School in Orlando on Friday, January 27, 2017.   Orlando Sentinel columnist David Whitley plays during a NFL Pro Bowl/Wounded Warrior Amputee flag football game at Dr. Phillips High School in Orlando on Friday, January 27, 2017.    
David Whitley  Contact Reporter  
The receiver on the opposing team had one arm. The pass rusher was missing the bottom half of his body. As they warmed up, I turned to a teammate and muttered, &quot;I hope we don't win, but it might be hard not to.&quot; 
We were the Central Florida NFL Alumni Team and other &quot;celebrities.&quot; Our opponent was the Wounded Warrior Amputee Football Team. With the Pro Bowl in town, organizers got up a flag-football game Friday night at Dr. Phillips High. Needless to say, we were not the crowd favorite. 
That was all right. Anyone who cheers against a Wounded Warrior should be flogged and deported. But we had guys like Nick Collins . He played for Green Bay and intercepted Ben Roethlisberger in the Super Bowl and returned it for a touchdown. 
Caption    Four local players are starters for NFC champion Atlanta Falcons   Four former high school players from Central Florida are starters for NFC champion Atlanta Falcons in upcoming Super Bowl.   Four former high school players from Central Florida are starters for NFC champion Atlanta Falcons in upcoming Super Bowl.                   Caption    Punt, Pass & Kick national champions demonstrate skills   Rich Pope goes head-to-head with two of the Punt, Pass and Kick national champions at the NFL Pro Bowl Experience at ESPN Wide World of Sports.   Rich Pope goes head-to-head with two of the Punt, Pass and Kick national champions at the NFL Pro Bowl Experience at ESPN Wide World of Sports.     
There were also a few media types. I've never intercepted Ben Roethlisberger, but I do have four functioning limbs. I figured we'd mess around, give up a few scores and pay homage to real heroes, then everybody would go home happy. 
We got the ball first and moved easily down field. The ref made a bogus call to nullify a touchdown pass, but so what? It was all in fun. My biggest worry was it was too easy. &quot;It always happens that way,&quot; Michael Kacher said. 
Orlando could support NFL team, mayor Buddy Dyer says as Pro Bowl arrives   Mike Bianchi   Today, the Pro Bowl. Tomorrow, the Orlando Jaguars.                                                       OK, so maybe it won’t be the Jaguars; maybe it will be the Bucs or the Saints or even the Chargers after they fail in Los Angeles. Doesn’t really matter who — all that matters is Orlando will...       Today, the Pro Bowl. Tomorrow, the Orlando Jaguars.                                                       OK, so maybe it won’t be the Jaguars; maybe it will be the Bucs or the Saints or even the Chargers after they fail in Los Angeles. Doesn’t really matter who — all that matters is Orlando will... (Mike Bianchi)    Opposing teams always get off to a quick start, Kacher explained, then something happens. Like on the Warriors' second play on offense. ESPN's Kenny Mayne, a longtime Wounded Warrior booster and former UNLV quarterback, threw a bomb to Michael Smith, who made a one-handed grab like Odell Beckham Jr. Smith had no choice since he has only one hand. How did he do it? &quot;It's just in my genes, I guess,&quot; Smith said. &quot;I don't know.&quot; Maybe there is a Wounded Warrior gene, something innate that allows them to handle real adversity. Our NFLers faced torn ACLs and concussions. Heck, I broke my arm twice playing Pop Warner. That's not quite like falling 300 feet off a cliff during a special-ops exercise, like Daniel Miner. Or seeing a live hand grenade roll into the room where you're tending to Iraqi children. Kelly Smith had just enough time to throw her body on top of a little girl. The Orlando native saved a life but lost an arm. She'd served 11 tours in Iraq and Afghanistan. The hardest part was not going back for a 12th. &quot;There was a lost sense of purpose and direction,&quot; Smith said. Flag football isn't Fallujah, but it is an outlet for the traits that make a warrior: things like competitiveness and camaraderie and accomplishing a mission. Fans see the amazing prosthetics that can lift fallen soldiers. The soldiers know the worst wounds often can't be seen. A rocket-propelled grenade blew apart Kacher's face, severed his intestines and mangled his right arm. &quot;My physical recovery was pretty quick,&quot; he said. He thought seeking mental health was a sign of weakness, however, and became a &quot;full-blown alcoholic.&quot; &quot;I came to realize it takes a stronger person to seek mental health,&quot; Kacher said. Playing football is part of the rehab. His empty right sleeve flapping in the breeze, Kacher was all over our receivers. Collins broke loose for one score, but that was all we could manage. I think the final was 35-7, not that it really mattered. Of course able bodies, especially NFL bodies, could outperform amputees. We could have practiced. We could have blanketed the leg-less receiver who caught passes and then rolled head-over-missing-heels for an extra five yards. What none of us know is how we would perform if we were in their prosthetics. But as the game progressed, I felt more and more stupid for thinking the Wounded Warriors were the ones in for a rough night. In more ways than I'd imagined, we were out of our league. dwhitley@ orlandosentinel.com  
Copyright
&copy; 2017, Orlando Sentinel 
George Michael  NFL  Ben Roethlisberger  NFL Pro Bowl  David Whitley  Nick Collins 
Dear NFL: Don't hate us because we don't have a billion-dollar stadium for Pro Bowl 
Five AFC players to watch in Pro Bowl 
Five NFC players to watch in Pro Bowl 
All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries   
55&deg;