Baylor freshman forward Lauren Cox’s battles go beyond the court - WacoTrib.com: Lady Bears Basketball 
Close
February 16, 2017 
eTrib Login 
Register 
Baylor freshman forward Lauren Cox’s battles go beyond the court - WacoTrib.com: Lady Bears Basketball 
Baylor
SPORTS 
Football 
Men's basketball 
Lady Bears basketball 
Other sports 
RECRUITING 
Football 
Men's basketball 
Lady Bears basketball 
Signing Day 
2016 
2015 
2014 
2013 
2012 
2011 
2010 
Scholarship athletes 
BEARS ON TV 
Upcoming broadcasts 
Channel guide 
HISTORY 
All-Big 12 teams 
Baylor's bowl games 
2011 Heisman Trophy 
2004-05 Lady Bears 
2011-12 Lady Bears 
Trib Sportsperson of the Year 
GAME GUIDE 
Buy tickets 
Big 12's best eats 
Big 12 insiders' view 
McLane Stadium 
McLane fan guide 
McLane parking 
McLane seating 
McLane stadium app 
McLane tailgating 
Ferrell Center info 
Ferrell seating 
VIDEO/PHOTO 
Photos 
Videos 
WACOTRIB 
Back to WacoTrib.com 
WacoTrib sports 
NCAA football 
NCAA men's basketball 
NCAA women's basketball 
Twitter 
Email us 
Home 
Sports 
Baylor 
Lady Bears Basketball 
Baylor freshman forward Lauren Cox’s battles go beyond the court 
Story  Comments 
Print
Create a hardcopy of this page
Font Size:
Default font size
Larger font size
Previous 
Next 
Staff photo— Rod Aydelotte, file 
BU Kansas ra14 
Lauren Cox (center) was rated as the nation’s No. 1 recruit out of high school. 
Buy this photo
No. 2 Baylor vs. No. 20 Oklahoma 
When: 5:30 p.m. Sunday Where: Ferrell Center Records: OU 16-5, 7-2; BU 20-1, 9-0 TV: ESPN2 (find channel: wacotrib.com/tv ) Radio: 1660-AM 
Posted: Sunday, January 29, 2017 12:01 am 
Baylor freshman forward Lauren Cox’s battles go beyond the court 
By TONY ADAME tony.adame@wacotrib.com 
Waco Tribune-Herald 
Lauren Cox’s parents didn’t need much, if any, of a primer on Baylor’s program when it came time for their daughter, the nation’s No. 1 high school basketball recruit, to choose a college in 2015. 
Their own research and knowledge of the game – both her father, Dennis, and mother, Brenda, are former college basketball players – told them mostly what they needed to know. 
One of the catches to landing the 6-foot-4 forward from Flower Mound would come in a curveball of a question from Brenda Cox to Baylor coach Kim Mulkey during the in-home visit. 
And it was something that Mulkey, in almost two decades at Baylor, had likely never heard. 
Brenda Cox wanted to know what Mulkey would do if Baylor was playing for a championship and Lauren, a Type 1 diabetic since she was seven years old, was playing well but her blood-sugar levels were bad. 
Mulkey didn’t hesitate. 
“She doesn’t play,” she told them. 
In typical Mulkey fashion, those words have quickly turned into actions with Cox, who comes off the bench and averages 9.7 points and 4.9 rebounds for No. 2 Baylor (20-1, 9-0 Big 12) headed into Sunday’s game at the Ferrell Center against No. 20 Oklahoma (16-5, 7-2). 
That’s because Baylor’s third straight game against a ranked opponent will serve as Cox’s first opportunity to use basketball as a platform for something bigger when it comes to her disease – something Mulkey has encouraged her to do all season – with Baylor hosting Type 1 Diabetes Awareness Night. 
Fans will be able to interact with Cox, only the second No. 1 recruit to sign with Baylor after Brittney Griner 2009, on the court after the game. 
“I think it’s awesome,” Mulkey said. “Lauren can be like a spokesperson for little kids. It’s not something to hide ... you can be role model for a lot of kids here that have diabetes. They see this kid playing at a high level and dealing with it.” 
In order to keep her diabetes in check, Cox has to prick her finger to check her blood sugar six to 10 times per day, has an infusion site on her body for an insulin pump that has to be changed every other day and wears a glucose monitor that has to be changed every other week — and has actually come off during a game before. 
“It’s super hard, and it’s an every single day responsibility you have to stay on top of,” Cox said. “Sunday is really important to me to just show kids they can do whatever they want, regardless of the disease.” 
Baylor’s medical and training staff can monitor Cox’s blood-sugar levels — to a point — and Brenda Cox’s question to Mulkey during the recruiting process was put to an early test when the Lady Bears traveled to Tennessee on Dec. 4. 
In pregame, Mulkey was informed that Cox’s levels were dangerously high after her monitor wasn’t attached until the morning of the game and the readings didn’t come in until right before the scheduled 1 p.m. start. 
“I said ‘She’s not gonna play until it goes down,’ and it was because the night before she didn’t have something attached she was supposed to,” Mulkey said. “In high school and during her entire life, her parents have taught her to do it herself and she has done that ... but now I’m responsible for these kids and their health.” 
Cox’s response to Mulkey’s decision wasn’t much different from how she plays — fierce. 
“She had a meltdown,” Mulkey said. 
“Yep, meltdown,” senior forward Nina Davis said. 
“It made me really emotional,” Cox said. 
Cox eventually got in that game — once her blood-sugar levels went down — and seems to get better every time she steps on the court. She’s coming off her first career double-double with 19 points and 10 rebounds in Wednesday’s 91-49 win at No. 25 Kansas State, and now she’ll be counted on even more with sophomore forward Beatrice Mompremier nursing a sprained ankle. 
And maybe, through her play, Cox can eventually tap into something bigger than the game itself. 
“I want kids (with diabetes) to know they can do whatever they want,” Cox said. “Some doctors will tell them ‘Oh, you just have to watch what you do,’ but I want them to know they can do whatever they want, regardless of if they have Type 1 diabetes.” 
More about  Basketball 
Brooks has 20 points and No. 7 Oregon beats Utah 79-61 
Brooks has 20 points and No. 7 Oregon beats Utah 79-61 
Brooks has 20 points and No. 7 Oregon beats Utah 79-61 
ARTICLE : Brooks has 20 points and No. 7 Oregon beats Utah 79-61 
ARTICLE : Abilene Christian holds off McNeese St. 82-78 behind Friday 
More about  Medicine 
ARTICLE : Hicks, Judy 
ARTICLE : No designer babies, but gene editing to avoid disease? Maybe 
ARTICLE : Woman sues Magnolia Market for head injury 
ARTICLE : Study: Most Texas school districts have scant sex education 
ARTICLE : Challenge family to spend less time in front of screen 
More about  Lauren Cox 
ARTICLE : Baylor women smash Kansas State in record-setting 91-49 win 
ARTICLE : No. 2 Lady Bears getting big-time production from bench 
ARTICLE : Big 12 notebook: Lady Bears on unprecedented streak landing McDonald’s All-Americans 
ARTICLE : No. 2 Lady Bears top Kansas for 15th straight win, 92-43 
Discuss 
Print 
Posted in
Lady bears basketball ,
Sport ,
Medicine ,
Basketball 
on
Sunday, January 29, 2017 12:01 am.
| Tags: 
Basketball ,
Medicine ,
Lauren Cox ,
Baylor ,
Kim Mulkey ,
Brenda Cox ,
Sport ,
Bears ,
Blood Sugar ,
Parents 
Similar Stories 
Mart girls fall to Italy in Class 2A area round, 67-47 
Selman allows just 1 hit as No. 23 Baylor blanks UTSA, 5-0, in Getterman Classic opener 
Baylor baseball preview: Bears will get lots of chances to carve out identity 
Baylor associate AD Nielsen resigns after grand jury clears him 
Freeman returning for Kansas 
Most Read 
Woman sues Magnolia Market for head injury 
Elm Mott man arrested for alleged sexual abuse of 4-year-old 
Bill would let firefighters, EMTs carry guns on duty 
After losing over 100 pounds, La Fiesta owner creates new menu with healthy options 
Longtime Midway educator to return as high school principal 
tab 0 
tab 1 
tab 2 
tab 3 
Schedule
Big 12
Leaders
Polls
tab 0 
tab 1 
tab 2 
tab 3 
tab 4 
tab 5 
tab 6 
tab 7 
tab 8 
tab 9 
OU
Cowgirls, Sooners named to Academic All-Big 12 team
Norman North basketball phenom Trae Young commits to Oklahoma over OSU, Kansas
College basketball: Big 12 men's and women's standings
Guerin Emig: Home is where the star is — Norman's Trae Young picks OU over Kansas, OSU
2017 college baseball preview: A look at OU, OSU and ORU
College softball: Tulsa's Julia Hollingsworth receives to AAC honor after big opening weekend
See the giant cottonmouth snake Texas park officials found east of Austin
Sooners, Cowboys or Jayhawks? One of the best high school players in the state's history decides today at noon
Oklahoma football: Offensive line may be the Sooners' top asset
Kelly Bostian: Trout Pond for Tulsa needs funding for continued season
UT
Texas offensive assistants understand the challenge of rebuilding Longhorns
D’onta Foreman will be lonely Longhorn at NFL combine
WATCH: Texas coaches Tim Beck and Drew Mehringer meet with media
Scouting the Fabulous 55: No. 44, athlete Quandree White
Scouting the Fabulous 55: No. 45, athlete Jaylon Robinson
Episode 44 of On Second Thought: Brent Musburger on his career, Texas football, Joe Mixon and life after ESPN
Vince Young hires agent, attempting comeback
Scouting the Fabulous Fab 55: No. 46, quarterback Tanner Mordecai
The Dotted Line: Predicting college destinations for the state’s top 10 recruits
Scouting the Fabulous 55: No. 47, offensive tackle Trey Stratford
TCU
TCU’s Washburn, Williams shine in reserve roles against OSU
TCU’s Dixon seeking strides from team in two key areas
TCU scores a lot of runs, but maybe not for the reason you think
Three TCU hitters land on Golden Spikes Award watch list
TCU takes RPI tumble but still in March Madness projections
TCU loses late lead, falls to Oklahoma State in battle of NCAA bubble teams
TCU’s path to NCAAs considerably tougher after loss
Oklahoma State makes closing statement in Big 12 win over TCU
No. 1 TCU asking more than ever of its hard-hitting catcher
TCU sets starting rotation for opening series vs. Penn State
Tech
Caldwell earns Academic All-Big 12 First Team selection
Red Raiders face No. 9 West Virginia away
Tech begins season with four game road series
OPINION — The AL West Division will be tight, but the Astros will come out on top
Tech ready for conference opponents
Team seeks Big 12 championship
Tech focuses on successful Omaha return
Ramsey aims to raise level of play
OPINION — Extra inning rule changes game for wrong reasons
Young pitchers impact team dynamic
OSU
Bill Haisten: For No. 2 Penn State vs. No. 1 OSU wrestling, a webcast only
Oklahoma State basketball: Five takeaways from OSU’s 71-68 win over TCU
Boone Pickens Stadium capacity to shrink, seats to widen in 2017
Women's basketball: Kaylee Jensen scores 32 as Oklahoma State rolls past TCU
Oklahoma State at TCU: Complete team effort carries Cowboys past TCU
Rickie Fowler to play in Honda Classic
Could OSU wrestling set a GIA attendance record on Sunday?
Marcus Smart, Boston Celtics eyeing top of Eastern Conference
OSU on ESPN's Bubble Watch with 'work left to do'
A&amp;M
An A&M softball player's vlog gives a look into the life of a student-athlete
Valentin Vacherot earns SEC weekly men's tennis honor
Aggie men's swimming and diving team gets pair of school records at SEC meet
Gibson, Pickrem help Aggie women stay in front at SEC swimming and diving meet
Aggie softball team shuts out Bearkats 2-0
Texas A&M men's basketball team headed to Nashville
No. 23 Aggie women to face LSU with chance to help postseason resume
A&M women projected as No. 4 seed; Ag men have 500-1 odds; Do you root for Turgeon or Baylor?
Texas A&M women in lead at SEC Swimming & Diving Championships
Fray, Kerley garner national, SEC runner of the week awards
Kansas
Tom Keegan: Bill Self has winning record at Kansas vs. future NBA All-Stars
With Baylor battle looming, Jayhawks' wild West Virginia victory still celebrated
Another Louisiana prospect backs out of initial commitment to KU football
2017 PG Trae Young picks Oklahoma
Kansas State president asks fans to stop vulgar chants
Beaty reportedly ready to add new D-line coach
Freshmen, newcomers rounding out Kansas’ latest baseball team
Receiver Daylon Charlot left Alabama to make 'big impact' at Kansas
KU's Frank Mason III named one of 10 finalists for Senior CLASS Award
With decision day nearing, analysts split down the middle on 5-star PG Trae Young
K-State
Klein gets 2-year deal
K-State falls to WVU, 66-59
K-State baseball opens season Friday in Florida tourney
Brown shines as K-State loses sixth game in seven tries
K-State comeback falls short in 87-79 loss
Myers calls ‘vulgar’ chant at game an embarrassment
Wildcats open final six-game stretch
On Bill Snyder, throat cancer and recovery
Co-offensive coordinator Del Miller retires after 20 years
Cats look to replicate early success at WVU
Iowa St.
Jets CB Darrelle Revis charged with assault, robbery after altercation
Pete Maravich's look was of the times but his game was timeless
Wooden Watch: Kansas guard Frank Mason III out front
Kris Bryant’s wonderful life: World Series champion starting his career at the top
Rays ace Chris Archer moving past 19-loss 2016: 'I'm capable of so much more'
Mark Gottfried is out at North Carolina State at end of season
Dan Dakich says Michigan State tweets were taken out of context
Prosecutors want continued investigation of MSU football players
Cyclone Scuttlebutt: ISU needs at least one more win to make tourney
Peterson: Nothing surprising about Larry Eustachy getting in trouble again
West Va.
HERTZEL COLUMN: WVU rifle program rivals any college athletics dynasty
WVU women hold off late KSU rally for victory
Hertzel column: WVU rifle program rivals any college athletics dynasty
HERTZEL COLUMN: Sports collapses are becoming all too common
WVU women attempt to avenge earlier season loss to K-State today
Hertzel column: Sports collapses are becoming all too common
HERTZEL COLUMN: White, Slaton weigh in on Twitter feud
Late collapse costs WVU in overtime loss at Kansas
Hertzel column: White, Slaton weigh in on Twitter feud
HERTZEL COLUMN: Tournament preview means little this early
tab 0 
tab 1 
tab 2 
tab 3 
Tweets
Sports Wire
Account 
My Account 
Login 
Subscribe 
Social Media 
Facebook 
Twitter 
YouTube 
More Information 
Terms of Service 
Privacy Policy 
Archives 
Home | News | Sports | Business | Entertainment | Lifestyles | Opinion | Events | Classifieds | Blogs | Online Features | Archive | Customer Services | Multimedia | Advertise | Site Map 
Visitor Agreement &bull; Privacy Statement &bull; Contact Us &bull; Advertiser Kit &bull; RSS Feeds 
Waco Tribune-Herald - WacoTrib.com , Waco, TX &copy; 2017 BH Media Group, Inc 
No commercial reproduction without written consent. 
Electronic reproduction of any kind prohibited without written consent. 
Screen Name or Email 
Password 
Forgot? 
Login 
Screen Name or Email 
Now I remember! 
Need an account? Create one now.