Former Breitbart Chief Now Writing America's Foreign Policy: Trump Gives Stephen Bannon Place On National Security Council 
Skip to main content 
Contact 
About 
RSS 
Blog 
Video 
Research 
Issues  Diversity &amp; Discrimination 
Economy 
Education 
Elections 
Environment &amp; Science 
Government 
Health Care 
Immigration 
Inclusion Matters 
Justice &amp; Civil Liberties 
Media Structures &amp; Regulations 
National Security &amp; Foreign Policy 
Reproductive Rights 
Trump&#039;s War On The Press 
TAKE ACTION 
Gplus 
Twitter 
Facebook 
Donate 
SEE LATEST ›››   
Submit 
x ADVANCED SEARCH  Keyword(s) 
Date Range  Date 
E.g., 02/17/2017  ›››  Date 
E.g., 02/17/2017  Search 
Former Breitbart Chief Now Writing America's Foreign Policy: Trump Gives Stephen Bannon Place On National Security Council 
Media And Security Experts React To Bannon's NSC Appointment: "Unprecedented," "Lunacy," "Truly Dangerous" 
Research  ›››
January 29, 2017 4:13 PM EST  
›››
TYLER CHERRY 
? 
National security experts and media figures denounced President Donald Trump’s “dangerous” decision to give his chief strategist, Stephen Bannon, a prominent role on the National Security Council. Bannon is an extremist anti-Semite who formerly ran the white nationalist “alt-right” website Breitbart.com. 
Trump Gives Stephen Bannon A Seat On National Security Council 
As Bannon Is Elevated To National Security Council, Director Of National Intelligence And Chairman Of Joint Chiefs Of Staff Downgraded. On January 28, President Donald Trump signed a presidential memo restructuring the National Security Council (NSC) to give Stephen Bannon, Trump’s chief strategist, “a regular seat on the principals committee -- the meetings of the most senior national security officials.” In the same memo, Trump downgraded the director of national intelligence and the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, who “will sit on the principals committee only when the issues to be discussed pertain to their ‘responsibilities and expertise.’ In the previous two administrations,” The Washington Post notes, “both were included as regular attendees.” 
President Trump on Saturday ordered the Pentagon to devise a strategy to defeat the Islamic State and restructured the National Security Council to include his controversial top political adviser as he forged a partnership with Russian President Vladi­mir Putin in their first official phone call. 
[...] 
Counseling Trump in the effort will be Stephen K. Bannon, the White House chief strategist whose influence inside the administration is expanding far beyond politics. In a separate presidential memo, Trump reorganized the National Security Council to, along with other changes, give Bannon a regular seat on the principals committee — the meetings of the most senior national security officials, including the secretaries of defense and state. 
That memo also states that the director of national intelligence and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff will sit on the principals committee only when the issues to be discussed pertain to their “responsibilities and expertise.” In the previous two administrations, both were included as regular attendees. 
The White House thinks the changes will make the NSC more adaptive to modern threats. Trump said the changes would bring “a lot of efficiency and, I think, a lot of additional safety.” 
The changes affirm the ascent of Bannon, the former executive chairman of Breitbart, a conservative website that is popular with white nationalists, who has emerged as Trump’s political consigliere and the keeper of the president’s populist flame. [ The Washington Post , 1/28/17 ] 
Bannon Is An Anti-Semite Who Used To Run White Nationalist “Alt-Right” Website. Before becoming Trump’s chief strategist in the White House, Bannon ran Breitbart.com, the white nationalist website that has embraced the “extremist fringe” and regularly pushes “racist ideas.” Bannon himself, an alleged anti-Semite, once described Breitbart as the “platform of the alt-right.” During Bannon’s tenure at Breitbart, the site published a series of anti-Semitic posts. Breitbart staffers allege that Trump, with Bannon’s cooperation, paid the website for favorable news coverage during the presidential campaign. [ Media Matters , 8/17/16 ; 11/13/16 ] 
National Security Experts, Media Figures Decry Bannon’s "Insane," "Truly Dangerous" Appointment To NSC 
CNN’s Chief National Security Correspondent Jim Sciutto: This “Unprecedented” Move “Raises Questions About Whose Voice Are Going To Be Heard Most Prominently.” CNN’s chief national security correspondent Jim Sciutto called it “unprecedented” to have, as CNN host Jake Tapper put it, “such a partisan political figure” on the NSC. Sciutto noted that Bannon is “not Senate confirmed,” unlike the chairman of the joint chiefs and the director of national intelligence, and said that Bannon’s new role “raises questions about whose voices are going to be heard most prominently for the key national security decisions of this country.” From the January 29 edition of CNN’s State of the Union : 
JAKE TAPPER (HOST): Another executive order, President Trump rejiggered the National Security Council, putting Steve Bannon, the former publisher of Breitbart, on the National Security Council. Is it odd to have such a partisan political figure on the National Security Council? 
JIM SCIUTTO: Certainly unprecedented. This started, this principals meeting started back in [the] George H.W. Bush administration, and since then you’ve always had the chairman of the joint chiefs, you’ve had at the time the CIA director, since replaced by the director of national intelligence in there. In the current iteration of this, they will come in when necessary but not as regular members. But I should also note that you're putting in someone who is not Senate confirmed -- Bannon, the adviser, and taking out two people, the chairman of the joint chiefs and the director of national intelligence, who are Senate confirmed. Again, it raises questions about whose voices are going to be heard most prominently for the key national security decisions of this country. [CNN, State of the Union , 1/29/17 ] 
Foreign Policy ’s David Rothkopf: “I’ve Studied NSC My Entire Adult Life. Putting Bannon On It And Making DNI And Joint Chiefs Optional Is Lunacy. Shows Zero Comprehension.” 
I've studied NSC my entire adult life.  Putting Bannon on it and making DNI and Joint Chiefs optional is lunacy.  Shows zero comprehension. 
— David Rothkopf (@djrothkopf) January 29, 2017 
 [Twitter, 1/28/17 ] 
Rothkopf: “Bannon Doesn’t Have The Qualifications To Be A TSA Screener Much Less To Be WH Counselor...Even Less Still To Serve On NSC.” 
Bannon doesn't have the qualifications to be a TSA screener much less to be WH Counselor...even less still to serve on NSC. 
— David Rothkopf (@djrothkopf) January 29, 2017 
 [Twitter, 1/28/17 ] 
MSNBC's Joe Scarborough: “Replacing The DNI And The Joint Chiefs Chairman For Bannon Is Beyond Comprehension.” 
Replacing the DNI and the Joint Chiefs chairman for Bannon is beyond comprehension. https://t.co/g1DeVogFx8 
— Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) January 29, 2017 
 [Twitter, 1/29/17 ] 
The Atlantic 's Norman Ornstein: “Trump Is Declaring War On The Joint Chiefs … This Is Truly Dangerous. It Cannot Stand.” 
Trump is declaring  war on the Joint Chiefs just as he did with the intelligence community. This is truly dangerous. It cannot stand 
— Norman Ornstein (@NormOrnstein) January 29, 2017 
 [Twitter, 1/29/17 ] 
The Atlantic ’s James Fallows: “Nothing Like This Has Happened Before. Ever.” 
Nothing like this has happened before. Ever. https://t.co/8pj48CzvVj 
— James Fallows (@JamesFallows) January 29, 2017 
 [Twitter, 1/28/17 ] 
Fox News Contributor Mo Elleithee: “Reminder: Bannon Once Called Himself A ‘Leninist’ Whose Goal Is To ‘Destroy The State.’ He’s Now On The NSC.”  
 
Reminder: Bannon once called himself a "Leninist" whose goal is to "destroy the state." 
He's now on the NSC. https://t.co/Yal6Zv66O3 https://t.co/ifGu4N3occ 
— Mo Elleithee (@MoElleithee) January 29, 2017 
 [Twitter, 1/28/17 ] 
MSNBC’s Joy Reid: “Google ‘Aleksandr Dugin’ To Learn More About Bannon's Leninist, Ugly Philosophy. Is He Now Running U.S. National Security Policy?” 
Google "Aleksandr Dugin" to learn more about Bannon's Leninist, ugly philosophy. Is he now running U.S. national security policy? https://t.co/m6f8lH6cVI 
— Joy Reid (@JoyAnnReid) January 29, 2017 
 [Twitter, 1/29/17 ] 
Observer’s John Schindler: “Yesterday’s WH Recasting Of The NSC … Really Amounts To A Coup.” 
Yesterday's WH recasting of the NSC, letting Flynn+Bannon run it WITHOUT DoD+IC, really amounts to a coup, at least in #natsec terms. 
— John Schindler (@20committee) January 29, 2017 
 [Twitter, 1/29/17 ] 
Mother Jones ’ David Corn: “Last Summer Bannon Said He Wanted The Website He Published To Be A ‘Platform’ For White Nationalists. Now He Is On Trump’s NSC.” 
Last summer Bannon said he wanted the website he published to be a "platform" for white nationalists. Now he is on Trump's NSC. 
— David Corn (@DavidCornDC) January 29, 2017 
 [Twitter, 1/29/17 ] 
NY Times ’ Nicholas Kristof: “This Is Scary.” 
This is scary: Trump removes chairman of joint chiefs and dir of nat'l intelligence from NSC principals meetings, adds Steve Bannon. https://t.co/aLeOPbiZhc 
— Nicholas Kristof (@NickKristof) January 29, 2017 
[Twitter, 1/29/17 ] 
New Yorker ’s Ryan Lizza: “I Know It’s A High Bar, But The Most Insane Story” Is Bannon’s Appointment To NSC. 
I know it's a high bar, but the most insane story of the last week may be the fact that Steve Bannon is on the NSC's principals committee. 
— Ryan Lizza (@RyanLizza) January 29, 2017 
[Twitter, 1/29/17 ] 
NY Times' Beijing Bureau Chief Edward Wong Compares Bannon NSC Appointment To Chinese Communist Rule. 
In China, a key to Communist Party rule is the installation of party officials and political commissars at every level. https://t.co/wX7KttF1qZ 
— Edward Wong (@comradewong) January 29, 2017 
 [Twitter, 1/28/17 ] 
Former Obama NSC Spokesman Tommy Vietor: “Bob Gates Flipped Out When [David] Axelrod And [Robert] Gibbs Attended A Couple Of NSC Meetings. Now Political Hack Steve Bannon Has A Standing Invite.” 
Bob Gates flipped out when Axelrod and Gibbs attended a couple of NSC meetings. Now political hack Steve Bannon has a standing invite. 
— Tommy Vietor (@TVietor08) January 29, 2017 
 [Twitter, 1/28/17 ] 
Short Link 
copy link 
Posted In 
Government , Cabinet &amp; Agencies , The Presidency &amp; White House , National Security &amp; Foreign Policy   
Network/Outlet 
CNN   
Person 
Stephen Bannon , Donald Trump , David Corn , Ryan Lizza , Nicholas Kristof , Joy Reid , James Fallows , Norman Ornstein , Joe Scarborough , Jim Sciutto   
Show/Publication 
State Of The Union , The Washington Post   
We've changed our commenting system to Disqus. Instructions for signing up and claiming your comment history are located here .
Updated rules for commenting are here .
View the discussion thread.  
Submit 
x ADVANCED SEARCH  Keyword(s) 
Date Range  Date 
E.g., 02/17/2017  ›››  Date 
E.g., 02/17/2017  Search 
ABOUT OUR RESEARCH 
Our research section features in-depth media analysis, original reports illustrating skewed or inadequate coverage of important issues, thorough debunking of conservative falsehoods that find their way into coverage and other special projects from Media Matters' research department. 
FOLLOW US ››› 
Like on Facebook 
Recommend on Google 
Follow on Tumblr 
Subscribe 
Sign up for our mailing lists 
Tyler 
Cherry 
›››
All posts ›  
Twitter › 
Tyler Cherry is a Researcher at Media Matters. Before joining, he was an education and juvenile policy researcher at BOTEC Analysis. He holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). 
LATEST ›››
CNN Trump Shill Jeffrey Lord Compares Congressional Black Caucus To The KKK  
Video 
February 16, 2017 11:51 PM EST  
Right Wing Media Figures Loved Donald Trump's Unhinged Press Conference And Assault On The Press On February 16 President Donald Trump gave a press conference in which he dodged questions, and repeatedly mocked the media. During and after the press conference, right wing media figures praised his performance, calling him "brilliant," "in control" and "awesome to watch."
Research 
February 16, 2017 11:19 PM EST  
Report: Trump Chooses To Retain Former Fox Analyst Rather Than Hire Decorated Navy Veteran  
Blog 
February 16, 2017 8:49 PM EST  
Rep. Emanuel Cleaver Calls Out Trump’s Racially Charged Interaction With American Urban Radio Network’s April Ryan  
Video 
February 16, 2017 8:35 PM EST  
MSNBC's Van Susteren Gives Trump Presser “An ‘A’ For Availability … Regardless Of What The Answers Were”  
Video 
February 16, 2017 6:35 PM EST  
Fox Host Gushes: Trump "Is The Fox News President. Everything That He Says, We've Said"  
Video 
February 16, 2017 5:54 PM EST  
30 Of Trump’s Attacks On The Media From His Unhinged Press Conference President Donald Trump gave a spontaneous press conference on February 16. Here are 30 examples of Trump attacking, blaming, mocking, and shutting down the media, reporters, and their reporting in chronological order during what has been described as a "combative, grievance-filled press conference”:
Research 
February 16, 2017 5:02 PM EST  
How The Media Covered A Day Without Immigrants  
Blog 
February 16, 2017 4:50 PM EST  
CNN's Jeffrey Lord Defends Trump Lie By Bashing CNN  
Video 
February 16, 2017 4:08 PM EST  
Shep Smith Fires Back At Trump: “We’re Not Fools For Asking These Questions And We Demand To Know The Answer”  
Video 
February 16, 2017 4:07 PM EST  
Trump Team Uses Debunked Right-Wing Media Smear To Deflect From Russia Scandals President Donald Trump and Sebastian Gorka, Trump's deputy assistant and the former national security editor for Breitbart.com, claimed that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton “approve[d] the sale of 20 percent of our uranium to Russia” in an attempt to deflect from the administration’s ongoing scandals involving Russia. The claim, which originally came from discredited Clinton Cash author and Breitbart editor Peter Schweizer, has been repeated by right-wing media but, repeatedly debunked by other sources. This is not the first time Trump has cited the debunked claim and Gorka has a history of pushing conspiracy theories.
Research 
February 16, 2017 3:58 PM EST  
Trump Supporters Receive “Mainstream Media Accountability Survey” Moments After President Slams Reporters  
Blog 
February 16, 2017 3:52 PM EST  
Alex Jones: Trump’s Operation “Directly Credited Me Over The Telephone With Being One Of The Key Liberty Demographics” That Led To Trump's Win  
Video 
February 16, 2017 3:22 PM EST  
Alex Jones: “Trump Is Already In The Top Three Presidents Of All Time”  
Video 
February 16, 2017 2:26 PM EST  
The Biggest Myth About Anti-LGBTQ Hate Groups Debunked  
Blog 
February 16, 2017 2:17 PM EST  
Home 
Blog 
Video 
Research 
Issues 
Contact 
About 
Jobs 
RSS Feeds 
Corrections 
Privacy Policy 
© 2016 Media Matters for America. All rights reserved.
Mythopedia | 
Take Action 
Donate | 
About | 
Contact 
Jobs 
© 2016 Media Matters For America 
All Rights Reserved