Happy to see more inclusiveness for Para Sport: Deepa Malik - Times of India          
Indiatimes | The Times of India | The Economic Times  :  HI,   My Times LOGOUT  Sign In          Sports         More   Beauty Pageants Photos Videos  More   Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum     Times of India More  Home Home  Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life &amp; Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance    Sports RIO 2016 IPL  IPL    Cricket  Cricket News Results Fixtures Columns Photos Live Cricket Score  FOLLOW CRICBUZZ      Football  Football Top Stories Interviews EPL I-League Indian Super League 2017 U-17 World Cup    Tennis  Tennis Top Stories Interviews International Premier Tennis League    Hockey  Hockey Top Stories Hockey India League    Golf  Golf Top Stories Interviews    Racing  Racing Top Stories Interviews F1 Drivers F1 Teams Legend's Corner Trackometer Tech Tonic Schumacher battling for life    Badminton    More sports TOISA ALL   News  &raquo; Sports  &raquo; More sports  &raquo; Others  &raquo; Happy to see more inclusiveness for Para Sport: Deepa Malik    Dravid's India U-19 seek detour in England one-dayers  Weakened Australia begin Chappell-Hadlee defence T20 Zonal League, Day 1 wrap: Rahane stars in Mumbai win India U-19 trainer Rajesh Sawant passes away A well-deserved break for 'consistent' Milind Starc excited about conditions at Eden Park New challenge awaits Bengal in T20 Zonal League Langer justifies Jhye Richardson's tricky selection Considerable amount of perception needs to be changed: Giles Clarke Bresnan lauds Scorchers for 'perfect performance'   Dravid's India U-19 seek detour in England one-dayers  Weakened Australia begin Chappell-Hadlee defence T20 Zonal League, Day 1 wrap: Rahane stars in Mumbai win India U-19 trainer Rajesh Sawant passes away A well-deserved break for 'consistent' Milind Starc excited about conditions at Eden Park New challenge awaits Bengal in T20 Zonal League Langer justifies Jhye Richardson's tricky selection Considerable amount of perception needs to be changed: Giles Clarke Bresnan lauds Scorchers for 'perfect performance'  1st ODI | 28 Jan, 2017 RSA 185/2 34.2 Ov Scorecard  SL 181 48.3 Ov South Africa won by 8 wkts  24th Match | 26 Jan, 2017 COB 41/1 &amp; 326/9 dec 8.3 Ov Scorecard  TIT 168 &amp; 195 71.3 Ov Cape Cobras won by 9 wkts  23rd Match | 26 Jan, 2017 WAR 200 &amp; 299 55.2 Ov Scorecard  KNG 189 &amp; 431 59.3 Ov Knights won by 121 runs   NZ vs AUS 30 Jan, 2017 03:30 IST 1st ODI, Auckland Australia tour of New Zealand, 2017   INDU19 vs ENGU19 30 Jan, 2017 09:00 IST 1st Youth ODI, Mumbai England Under 19 tour of India, 2017   RAJASTHAN vs MP 30 Jan, 2017 09:00 IST Central Zone, Jaipur Zonal T20 League, 2017   2nd T20I | 29 Jan, 2017 IND 144/8 20 Ov Scorecard  ENG  Innings Break  2nd Unofficial ODI | 29 Jan, 2017 ZIMA 72/7 19 Ov Scorecard  AFGA 208 47.3 Ov Zimbabwe A need 110 runs in 72 balls (Match reduced to 31 overs due to rain)  1st ODI | 28 Jan, 2017 RSA 185/2 34.2 Ov Scorecard  SL 181 48.3 Ov South Africa won by 8 wkts   Cricbuzz Staff BBL 2016-17: Team of the tournament   Cricbuzz Staff WBBL 02: Team of the tournament   Anand Vasu Shekar Naik's Story: First blind cricketer to win Padma Shri   Anand Vasu 'Each cricketer is an ambassador for their cause'   South Africa vs Sri Lanka, 1st ODI   Perth Scorchers v Sydney Sixers, Big Bash Final   Sydney Sixers vs Perth Scorchers, WBBL Final   India vs England, 1st T20I   Australia v Pakistan, 5th ODI   South Africa vs Sri Lanka, 3rd T20I    India vs England: 1st T20   India vs England: 3rd ODI   India vs England: 2nd ODI   India vs England: 1st ODI   Dhoni: He came, he conquered!   SC removes Thakur as BCCI president   Yuvraj meets cancer patients   'Dhoni most intelligent cricketer'   Azhar's nomination rejected   Yuvraj
Singh pays tribute to MS Dhoni as captain, shares video highlighting friendship   Ronaldo wins FIFA best player award   Azhar to contest for HCA post        Happy to see more inclusiveness for Para Sport: Deepa Malik First Indian woman to win a medal in the Paralympic Games, Deepa Malik on Sunday said the country has ushered in a new era for the sport for differently-abled athletes as they're seen with more inclusiveness these days. PTI | Jan 29, 2017, 08.36 PM IST     Tendulkar, Ganguly, and Paralympian Deepa Malik in Kolkata on Sunday. (PTI Photo)  
KOLKATA: First Indian woman to win a medal in the Paralympic Games , Deepa Malik on Sunday said the country has ushered in a new era for the sport for differently-abled athletes as they're seen with more inclusiveness these days.
"It's a huge declaration for the new era that has begun in the country. Now the nation is absolute ready to accept of para sport ," the recipient of this year's Padma Shri told PTI after inaugurating 'Fannatic Sports Museum -- The Boria Mazumdar Collection at Ecospace Business Park here today.
"The para sport and the achievements of persons with disability is applauded and is seen with acceptance and has inclusive in nature nowadays. Let's celebrate the change of attitude towards para-sport," the Rio Paralympic silver medalist in shot put F-53 event added.
Hailing the change of attitude, she said: "These kind of recognition not just celebration of our medals, but it has got a larger meaning."
The change of attitude and the limelight means that Deepa appointment diary is packed nowadays, something she finds a little taxing to balance.
"Yes, it becomes a bit challenging but I take it upon me as a messenger of para-sport," the Delhi based athlete who flew in from Chennai after attending a Republic Day function added.
Deepa also showered praise on former India captain Sourav Ganguly, who inadvertently addressed her as "Sakshi" the only other Malik in Rio, who did the country proud by becoming the first woman wrestler to win a medal.
"I understand he's busy man and keeps meeting hundreds of people everyday so it's natural. He's a true gentleman and I remember how concerned she was about me and even moved my wheelchair during a FICCI AGM in Delhi," she recollected.
The 46-year-old however is not calling it quits and keeping her fingers crossed for Tokyo Paralympics 2020.
"Definitely not. I will hit practice soon after a tumor management treatment. I will see how it goes in the World Championships of 2019 and hopefully Tokyo."
All praise about the museum, Deepa further appealed people to take out their time and pay a visit.
"It took me a decade to become a Paralympic medalist. There's a lot of blood and sweat that goes behind in earning a medal. You will become aware of this only after visiting such a museum.
"We always crib about not getting an Olympic medal but it's all about nurturing a sports culture and such a place motivate and inspire you."
A passout of 1987 batch Kendriya Vidyalaya Fort William, Deepa also felt nostalgic after landing in the city.
"My real roots of sport belonged to this place. I became a school captain here and now after being here it reconnects me to Kolkata. I feel fortunate to inaugurate it. Seeing para sport to put at par with sporting legends of India and the world has definitely raised the bar of para sport, it's a huge honour and definitely a step forward. Thank you for this moment," she signed off.
Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device.  RELATED 
From around the web   Earn ~ 10% / yr rent + capital appreciation in Commercial RE PROPERTY SHARE  10 Ridiculously Weird Things You Can Buy Online BabyAxis  10 highest tax payers in Bollywood CRITICSUNION  More from The Times of India  CID's Inspector Purvi is holidaying in Dubai, see pics  ‘Sleep with a brahmin to rid yourself of doshas'  George Clooney, wife Amal ready for $300 million divorce?  
From the Web More From The Times of India   10 people worst affected by Modi's anti corruption campaign CRITICSUNION  Help this student recover from Brain Damage! Milaap  New tower launch @ Lodha World Towers - 3,4&5 beds @ 9cr+ Lodha World Towers - Mumbai  Most searched Bollywood actresses on the internet CRITICSUNION  Without your help he wont survive cancer! Milaap   NRI woman trapped men to get money to marry one she loved  Satnam Singh drafted in NBA, selected by Dallas Mavericks  Farhan Akhtar, Adhuna Bhabani attend counselling session  All is well between Tejashree and Shashank?  Harry Potter actress Afshan Azad to visit India in September  
View comments  Post a comment    All Comments ( )  + ^ Back to Top    Characters Remaining: 3000   Continue without login   or Login from existing account Facebook Google Email   Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter  Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive . Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE +  All Comments Your Activity Sort UpVoted Newest Oldest Discussed Down Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message           
Follow / Like us at 
@TOISportsNews  Most Popular   2016 in review: From Sindhu to Aditi, year of the woman Six inspirational women put the Indian sport in the limelight in 2016, making it a year to remember and cherish.   Ball-tampering allegations just to take focus away from series: Kohli Indian skipper Virat Kohli rubbished the ball-tampering allegations of a British tabloid, saying that it is an attempt to take focus away from the series and a newspaper article doesn't matter over ICC's decision.   SCORECARD: Cricketer scores 160, teammates 0, team total 169 Swart managed 160, and with nine extra Mpumalanga posted 169. The rest of the team combined for a grand total of 0. Apart from Swart, who opened the innings, each one of her team-mates who came out to bat remarkably failed to open their accounts.     
Bollywood stars who went on to shine in Hollywood films Ad: CRITICSUNION  
Serena Williams wins Australian Open for 23rd Grand Slam crown  Serena Williams pushed sentiments aside in an emotion-charged 6-4, 6-4 defeat of sister Venus to win the Australian Open and a record 23rd Grand Slam title in the professional era.   Watch: Indian cricket team practise ahead of second T20 against England  The Indian Cricket team was seen having a rigorous practice session ahead of their second T20 match against England on January 29 at Nagpur.   
From around the Web   This mother needs help to save her daughter! Milaap  
15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancer  13-yr-old Ashwini needs help to fight Cancer! Milaap  Pre-Launch Lodha Palava Central Park 1,2&3 BHK @ 37 Lac+ Lodha Palava City  More From The Times of India  Indian-origin couple fight on space ticket in divorce battle Times of India  The Indira Gandhi the world will never know TOI Website  Anant Ambani sheds 108 kilos, stuns family and friends TOI Website  
Read More Rio Olympics Paralympic Games Para sport Padma Shri Deepa Malik   Navbharat Times  Featured Today In Travel  From our Global Partners         Indore to get SAI residential academy soon   Japan's Watanabe sets world record in 200m breaststroke   Vishwaraj first from Gujarat to make it to Winter Asian Games   Expertise at grassroots missing link in Indian sport: Bindra     1 Happy to see more inclusiveness for Para Sport: Deepa Malik  2 Indore to get SAI residential academy soon  3 Japan's Watanabe sets world record in 200m breaststroke  4 Vishwaraj first from Gujarat to make it to Winter Asian Games  5 Expertise at grassroots missing link in Indian sport: Bindra        About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap  Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile  Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives   Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes  Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | BMC Election 2017 | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | PMC Election 2017 | India Budget 2017 News  FOLLOW US ON     Top Trends  Live Updates: UP Elections 2017 Budget 2017 Expectations Elections 2017  Budget 2017 News Live Updates: Budget 2017 Bigg Boss 10  Live Score: India vs England Kaabil Review Live:Punjab Election 2017   Copyright &copy; 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service  `