&#39;1984&#39; Isn’t the Only Book Enjoying a Revival Under a Trump Presidency - The Atlantic 
The president of the United States can sympathize. 
Donald Trump held the first extended press conference of his presidency on Thursday, and it was a stunning, disorienting experience . He mused about nuclear war, escalated his feud with the press, continued to dwell on the vote count in November, asked whether a black reporter was friends with the Congressional Black Caucus, and, almost as an afterthought, announced his selection for secretary of labor . 
Continue Reading
Carlos Barria / Reuters 
American Institutions Are Pushing Back Against Trump 
Peter Beinart 
The bureaucracy, the press, the judiciary, and the public are not only pushing back, they’re having some success. 
Nothing Donald Trump has done since becoming President is particularly surprising. The attacks on judges and the press, the clash of civilizations worldview, the ignorance of public policy, the blurring of government service and private gain, the endless lying, the incompetence, the chaos—all were vividly foreshadowed during the campaign. The Republican-led  Congress’ refusal to challenge Trump was foreseeable too. The number of Republicans willing to oppose Trump’s agenda pretty much equals the number who refused to endorse him once he became the GOP nominee. 
Less predictable has been the response of other elements of the American political system: The bureaucracy, the press, the judiciary and the public. Here, the news is good. So far, they’re not only pushing back, they’re having some success. 
Continue Reading
Carlos Barria / Reuters 
Three Reasons to Reject Trump's Criticism of Intelligence Leaks 
David Frum 
The self-proclaimed WikiLeaks lover is poorly positioned to complain about the release of information that disadvantages his administration. 
It’s a rare event when President Trump tweets approvingly of a journalist, but yesterday Eli Lake of Bloomberg View gained that unusual honor. 
Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - "The NSA &amp; FBI...should not interfere in our politics...and is" Very serious situation for USA 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017 
Pretty obviously, the president had not actually read the underlying column, which opens with a summary of Trump’s most egregious untruths, to build to the observation: “for a White House that has such a casual and opportunistic relationship with the truth, it’s strange that Flynn’s ‘lie’ to Pence would get him fired.”  (Trump also missed Lake’s early-off-the-blocks reporting on Russian responsibility for the DNC and DCCC hacks.  ) 
Continue Reading
Jeffrey Smith 
How to Build an Autocracy 
David Frum 
The preconditions are present in the U.S. today. Here’s the playbook Donald Trump could use to set the country down a path toward illiberalism. 
It’s 2021, and President Donald Trump will shortly be sworn in for his second term. The 45th president has visibly aged over the past four years. He rests heavily on his daughter Ivanka’s arm during his infrequent public appearances. 
Fortunately for him, he did not need to campaign hard for reelection. His has been a popular presidency: Big tax cuts, big spending, and big deficits have worked their familiar expansive magic. Wages have grown strongly in the Trump years, especially for men without a college degree, even if rising inflation is beginning to bite into the gains. The president’s supporters credit his restrictive immigration policies and his TrumpWorks infrastructure program. 
Listen to the audio version of this article: Download the Audm app for your iPhone to listen to more titles. 
Continue Reading
Marc Serota / Reuters 
The Scandal That May Haunt the New Nominee for Labor Secretary 
Adam Serwer 
R. Alexander Acosta was the head of the civil rights division at the Department of Justice in the Bush administration when subordinates skirted civil-service laws and engaged in politicized hiring. 
R. Alexander Acosta, President Trump’s pick to run the Labor Department following the withdrawal of Andrew Puzder’s nomination, was the head of the civil-rights division of the Department of Justice in the Bush administration during a period in which his subordinates became embroiled in a scandal over politicized hiring. That scandal raises questions about Acosta’s ability to effectively manage a much larger federal agency in an administration that has already shown a tendency to skirt ethics rules . 
“That period, all hell broke in the civil rights division,” said William Yeomans, a professor of law at American University and a former deputy section chief in the division under Acosta. “That was all under Acosta, he presided over the politicization of the civil-rights division.” 
Continue Reading
Tom Pennington / Getty Images 
The Mind of Donald Trump 
Dan P. McAdams 
Narcissism, disagreeableness, grandiosity—a psychologist investigates how Trump’s extraordinary personality might shape his possible presidency. 
I n 2006, Donald Trump made plans to purchase the Menie Estate, near Aberdeen, Scotland, aiming to convert the dunes and grassland into a luxury golf resort. He and the estate’s owner, Tom Griffin, sat down to discuss the transaction at the Cock &amp; Bull restaurant. Griffin recalls that Trump was a hard-nosed negotiator, reluctant to give in on even the tiniest details. But, as Michael D’Antonio writes in his recent biography of Trump, Never Enough , Griffin’s most vivid recollection of the evening pertains to the theatrics. It was as if the golden-haired guest sitting across the table were an actor playing a part on the London stage. 
“It was Donald Trump playing Donald Trump,” Griffin observed. There was something unreal about it. 
Continue Reading
Edel Rodriguez 
Rape in the American Prison 
Maurice Chammah 
In 2003, Congress passed legislation to eliminate sexual assaults against inmates. One young man&rsquo;s story shows how elusive that goal remains. 
Three years ago, the young man who would later be known as John Doe 1 shuffled into the Richard A. Handlon Correctional Facility in Ionia, Michigan. The town of 11,000 residents, which sits in the remote center of the state, houses five prisons, and over the years, it has earned the nickname “I Own Ya.” John, who was 17, had already gotten over the initial fear of going to an adult prison—he had spent several months at a county jail near Detroit and an intake facility in Jackson—but he also knew he would be spending longer at this lonely outpost, a minimum of three years for a couple of home invasions. It was still wintery in April, and his state-issued jacket was poor protection against the drafts coming through the broken windows, shattered by men who had passed through before. “It was pretty ragged,” he recalled recently, “a tear down.” 
Continue Reading
Carlos Barria / Reuters 
Trump's News-Conference Performance 
Krishnadev Calamur 
The president railed against intelligence leaks and lambasted the media. 
President Trump used a news conference ostensibly meant to announce his new choice to head the U.S. Department of Labor to rail against intelligence leaks that have connected his aides to Russia, explain why he fired Mike Flynn as his national-security adviser, and defend the rollout of his executive order on immigration.   
Trump also used the occasion to launch a broadside on the media, bemoan the state of the country and the world he inherited (“I inherited a mess at home and abroad”), and cited the gains he’s made in the three weeks he's been in the White House. He also declined to criticize the rise in anti-Semitic attacks in the U.S., appearing to attribute some of the them to “our opponents.” 
Continue Reading
Hellolapomme/Flickr 
How to Save Marriage in America 
Richard V. Reeves 
Traditional matrimony&mdash;he brings home the bacon, she cooks it&mdash;is dying. But college-educated couples are pointing toward a new model with children at the heart of the union. 
What’s happening to American matrimony? In 1960, more than 70 percent of all adults were married, including nearly six in ten twentysomethings. Half a century later, just 20 percent of 18-29-year olds were hitched in 2010. Marriage was the norm for young America. Now it's the exception. 
American marriage is not dying. But it is undergoing a metamorphosis, prompted by a transformation in the economic and social status of women and the virtual disappearance of low-skilled male jobs. The old form of marriage, based on outdated social rules and gender roles, is fading. A new version is emerging—egalitarian, committed, and focused on children. 
There was a time when college-educated women were the least likely to be married. Today, they are the most important drivers of the new marriage model. Unlike their European counterparts, increasingly ambivalent about marriage, college graduates in the United States are reinventing marriage as a child-rearing machine for a post-feminist society and a knowledge economy. It’s working, too: Their marriages offer more satisfaction, last longer, and produce more successful children. 
Continue Reading
Carlo Allegri / Reuters 
Trump Kicks Off His 2020 Reelection Campaign on Saturday 
David A. Graham 
The president is taking the permanent campaign to new levels with a political rally in Florida—the latest sign that he’s already planning for a second term. 
Donald Trump’s 2016 campaign was a work of virtuoso improvisation: Even though it seemed to be in permanent chaos, with frequent changes of leadership, perpetual gaffes, and a strategy devised on the fly, the Republican managed to defeat the elaborate, best-and-brightest, data-wonk team of Hillary Clinton. 
If the early indications hold, it doesn’t look like Trump is going to improvise so much again in 2020. In fact, he’s kicking the campaign off on Saturday, with a rally in Melbourne, Florida: 
Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport! 
Tickets: https://t.co/9jDy1tYkgE pic.twitter.com/GDhO6GGxwt 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017 
Continue Reading
Can It Happen Here? 
Daniel Lombroso and David Frum 
David Frum on Donald Trump's authoritarian tendencies 
Watch Video
The Crippling Fear of Everlasting Life 
Caitlin Cadieux and Daniel Lombroso 
While many dream of an afterlife, people with apeirophobia are terrified of eternal existence. 
Watch Video
Ruth Bader Ginsburg on the Perspective That Comes With Motherhood 
Daniel Lombroso , Jackie Lay , and Ryan Park 
In an animated interview, the Supreme Court justice describes her early career. 
Watch Video
More Popular Stories 
Show Comments 
Home 
Share 
Tweet 
Next story in Culture 
Subscribe 
Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. 
State 
Alabama 
Alaska 
Alberta 
American Samoa 
APO/FPO-Africa 
APO/FPO-Canada 
APO/FPO-Europe 
APO/FPO-Middle East 
APO/FPO-Americas 
APO/FPO-Pacific 
Arizona 
Arkansas 
British Columbia 
California 
Colorado 
Connecticut 
Delaware 
District of Columbia 
Florida 
Georgia 
Guam 
Hawaii 
Idaho 
Illinois 
Indiana 
Iowa 
Kansas 
Kentucky 
Louisiana 
Maine 
Manitoba 
Marshall Islands 
Maryland 
Massachusetts 
Michigan 
Micronesia 
Minnesota 
Mississippi 
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska 
Nevada 
New Brunswick 
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico 
New York 
Newfoundland 
Newfoundland-Labrador 
North Carolina 
North Dakota 
Northern Mariana Isles 
Northwest Territories 
Nova Scotia 
Nunavut 
Ohio 
Oklahoma 
Ontario 
Oregon 
Palau 
Pennsylvania 
Prince Edward Island 
Puerto Rico 
Quebec 
Quebec 
Rhode Island 
Saskatchewan 
South Carolina 
South Dakota 
Tennessee 
Texas 
Utah 
Vermont 
Virgin Islands 
Virginia 
Washington 
West Virginia 
Wisconsin 
Wyoming 
Yukon Territories 
Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic 
Newsletters + 
The Atlantic
The Atlantic Daily
This Week
This Month
New Photo Galleries
Top Videos This Week
Politics &amp; Policy Daily
CityLab 
Today’s Top Stories
This Week's Most Popular Stories
I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. 
Follow + 
Facebook 
Twitter 
LinkedIn 
Tumblr 
Pinterest 
RSS 
App Store 
About + 
Masthead 
FAQ 
Press 
Jobs 
Shop 
Books 
Emporium 
Contact Us 
Privacy Policy 
Advertise 
Advertising Guidelines 
Terms and Conditions 
Manage Subscription 
Responsible Disclosure 
Site Map 
Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. 
Close 
Skip to article in 
Skip Ad &gt; 
Close