Frank's Place: When a Phillie of great promise died young 
News  Sports  Business  Health  Entertainment  Food  Opinion  Real Estate  Obits   
Search icon 
|     
Sections Close 
Search 
Search 
Search 
Search icon 
News 
Breaking  Pennsylvania  New Jersey  Politics  Education  Special Reports      
Sports 
Eagles  Phillies  Flyers  Sixers  Union  College  High School       
Entertainment 
Celebs &amp; Gossip  The Arts  Things to Do  Puzzles  Comics       
Business 
Cars  Jobs  Pharma  Philly Deals  Real Estate  Small Business  The Street       
Health 
Kids' Health  Running  Nutrition  Sports Medicine       
Food 
Clean Plates  Craig LaBan  The Insider       
Opinion 
Blogs  Columnists  Letters       
Lifestyle 
Home & Design  Sex & Dating  Style  Travel       
Marketplace  
Find a Home  Job Listings  Print Offers Online  All Classifieds      
People  
Births  Celebrations  Engagements  Obituaries  Death Notices      
Your Day  
Event Calendar  PMN Events  Horoscope  Lottery  Weather  Newsletters      
Advertise  Contact Us  Permissions  Reprints     
Powered By 
Inquirer logo 
Subscribe 
Daily News logo   
Subscribe 
sports 
Frank's Place: When a Phillie of great promise died young 
Updated: January 27, 2017 — 4:57 PM EST 
Facebook icon 
118 Share 
Twitter icon 
Tweet 
Tumblr icon 
Tumblr 
Mail icon  
Email 
Comment icon 
0 Comment 
Reprints & Permissions 
REPRINTS 
Popular Stories 
Christie called Phillies fans 'bitter.' The team had a perfect response.  Feb 16 - 6:16 PM 
Lower Merion boys' hoops team takes controversial stance  Feb 15 - 8:28 PM  
John Sleezer / Kansas City Star  Kansas City Royals teammates Salvador Perez and Mike Moustakas join others in taking pitcher Yordano Ventura to his childhood baseball stadium in his home town, Las Terrenas, Dominican Republic, during Tuesday's funeral procession on Jan. 24, 2017. 
by Frank Fitzpatrick , Inquirer Columnist
Twitter icon  @philafitz 
|    Mail icon  
ffitzpatrick@phillynews.com    
Close icon 
Mail icon  
Email   Twitter icon 
@philafitz     
Phone icon  215-854-4550 
Frank Fitzpatrick 
STAFF WRITER 
Frank Fitzpatrick has been an editor and writer at the Inquirer since 1980. A onetime beat writer for the Phillies, Eagles, and Penn State football, he's also covered nine Olympics. A 2000 Pulitzer Prize finalist, he now focuses on sports projects and writes a Sunday column.   
More by Frank Fitzpatrick 
Amid spotlight of being No. 1, Geno Auriemma relishes quiet time alone 
Feb 14 
Connie Mack Stadium lives on, in a patch of replanted turf at Haverford College 
Feb 9 
Frank's Place: Sports-TV connection was born in Philly in 1937 
Feb 10 
Six husky pallbearers carried Yordano Ventura's coffin Tuesday down a narrow Dominican road crowded with mourners. 
That scene from the 25-year-old Kansas City pitcher's heartbreaking funeral brought to life a verse from the poem "To an Athlete Dying Young": 
Today, the road all runners come, 
Shoulder-high we bring you home, 
And set you at your threshold down, 
Townsman of a stiller town. 
Ventura was killed last weekend when his speeding Jeep overturned on a foggy mountain road in his native land. 
He was hardly the first young athlete transported into that "stiller town" by a fast car. Youth and promise are often no match for speed and recklessness. 
Pelle Lindbergh, Nick Adenhart, Eddie Griffin, Drazen Petrovic, and Jerome Brown are just a few of the talents who have died prematurely in vehicular accidents. 
Nearly 90 years ago, when cars weren't so fast nor salaries so high, Philadelphia had to deal with a similar tragedy, a freakish accident that killed an up-and-coming baseball star. 
In October 1929, just before the stock market crashed, 26-year-old Walt "Peck" Lerian completed his second season with the Phillies. 
A tall and rangy catcher from Baltimore, he was by all accounts a pious gentleman. He attended Catholic Mass each morning, and lived with and supported his widowed mother and younger siblngs. 
Lerian hit .272 and .223 in his first two seasons here, but those modest numbers were outweighed by baseball smarts, a powerful arm, superior defensive skills, and the ability to control a game. 
According to his Society for American Baseball Research biography, Lerian's catching talents did not go unnoticed. 
Giants manager John McGraw, who always prized baseball IQ, reportedly tried to arrange a trade for him. Gruff Rogers Hornsby called Lerian the best young catcher he'd seen "in quite a while." And in 1929, the New York Times selected him as the NL's top defensive catcher. 
That '29 season, in which the fifth-place Phillies ended a run of three consecutive last-place finishes, would be a particularly star-crossed year for both the team and Lerian. 
Before it began, minor-league pitcher Dutch Ulrich, who had won a total of 19 games for the big-league Phils in 1926 and 1927, succumbed to pleurisy at 29. 
Then, as he traveled to the Phillies' spring-training site in Winter Haven, Fla., Tommy Thevenow flipped his car near Lakeland. The shortstop survived but missed three months of the season. 
Lerian, meanwhile, was engaged to a Philadelphia woman he'd met during his rookie season. But in that same cruel winter of 1929, she fell ill and died. 
Still distraught over his fiancee's death, he traveled to spring training with the team. When the Phillies train arrived in Winter Haven, his trunk, containing all his baseball equipment, was missing. It was never found and Lerian had to buy or borrow new gear. 
That season ended with a desultory Baker Bowl doubleheader against the Giants. Lerian went 1 for 3 in the Phils' 71st and final victory. 
It would be his last game. 
He lingered in Philadelphia to watch the Athletics beat the Cubs in Game 3 of the World Series, then returned to Baltimore. 
On Oct. 21, he went to morning Mass at St. Martin's Church. According to SABR researcher T. Scott Brandon, the pastor's sermon urged the attendees to "live an honorable life because no one knows the hour or day that the end may come." 
Lerian left the church and walked to a nearby trolley stop at Fayette and Mount Streets. As he waited, a car and a Hecht's department store delivery truck screeched toward each other. 
The truck swerved to avoid a collision, veered away from a group of youngsters, and jumped the curb. It slammed into Lerian just before it tore a hole in the brick wall he was standing against. 
The impact fractured his skull, broke several bones, and caused considerable internal injury. Lerian was trapped between the wall and the truck and firefighters and police worked 90 minutes to free him. 
As news of an accident involving a popular local baseball star spread, 56 people volunteered to donate blood. The victim received a transfusion after being rushed to Franklin Square Hospital. 
It didn't work, and at 12:30 p.m Lerian died. 
The news shocked Philadelphia and the Phillies who, without their young catcher in 1930, would slip back into their more familiar eighth place. 
"To think that such a nice young fellow who was in the prime of life just a few hours ago can be so suddenly taken out of life," said Phils president William Baker. 
Eventually, Hecht's was ordered to pay Lerian's mother $22,500. The truck driver was convicted of second-degree manslaughter and given probation. 
More than 1,000 people attended Lerian's funeral at St. Martin's. Among the baseball luminaries who praised him was McGraw. 
"He was the future catching star of the National League," he said. 
Death didn't wait for Lerian's future, and less than five years later it would come for the 60-year-old McGraw as well. 
The legendary Giants manager was buried in Baltimore's New Cathedral Cemetery. The curious still visit his grand hillside mausoleum. 
Just a short walk away, unnoticed and unremarkable 88 years after his premature death, sits a simple tombstone adorned only with the name of the extinguished baseball talent buried there: 
"Lerian." 
ffitzpatrick@phillynews.com 
@philafitz 
Published: January 28, 2017 — 12:53 PM EST 
The Philadelphia Inquirer
We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue
Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines 
Commenting policy | 
Comments FAQ 
Comment policy: 
Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. 
Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. 
Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. 
Load  comments 
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 
Continue Reading 
More in sports  
Sixers &rsaquo; 
Cooney: 76ers have issues beyond Embiid, Simmons
Flyers Now &rsaquo; 
Live updates: Flyers at Edmonton Oilers
Sixers &rsaquo; 
Why hasn't Ben Simmons played for Sixers? His foot may not be healed
Jensen: Daly makes immediate impact at Delaware
Donnellon: Maybe Flyers aren't good enough to play Hakstol's system
Flyers' power-play has short-circuited
Brooky: Altherr trying to make up for lost time
" />
"> 
Murphy: Gomez working with Lidge to become better closer 
Brock Stassi has Ozzie Guillen's backing
" />
"> 
Christie called Phillies fans 'bitter.' The team had a perfect response.
Previewing the Eagles' offseason: Offensive line
Philly.com logo 
is powered by 
Inquirer logo 
Digital Edition 
Subscribe 
Subscriber Services 
Daily News logo   
Digital Edition 
Subscribe 
Subscriber Services 
Twitter icon 
@phillydotcom 
Facebook icon 
/phillydotcom 
News & Info 
News  Sports  Entertainment  Business  Health  Food  Lifestyle  Opinion  Event Calendar  Archives  
Marketplace 
Deals  Find a Home  Job Listings  Print Offers  All Classifieds  
About us 
About Philly.com  Advertise  Contact Us  Licensing &amp; Permissions  Photo Reprints  Newspapers In Education  Career Opportunities  Internships  Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps     
Email Notifications 
Morning headlines 
Eagles This Week 
Things To Do 
Dining In and Out 
Sports 
Business 
Health 
Lifestyle 
PMN Events 
Show all &#9662; 
Show some &#9662; 
&copy; Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use &amp; Privacy Policy