&#039;Apple Would Not Exist Without Immigration,&#039; Says Cook On Trump Administration Immigration Order : TECH : Tech Times 
MENU 
Tech 
Science 
Health 
Culture 
Reviews 
Features 
Videos 
HOMEPAGE 
Tech 
Gadgets 
Computers 
Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech 
Wearable Tech 
Apps/Software 
Business Tech 
Internet 
Car Tech 
Security 
Apple 
Google 
Microsoft 
Smart Home 
Science 
Space 
Robotics 
Energy 
Earth/Environment 
Animals 
Material Science 
Ancient 
Health 
Healthy Living/Wellness 
Medicine 
Public Health 
Biotech 
Neuroscience 
Culture 
Movies/TV Shows 
Video Games 
Life & Style 
Viral 
Celebrities 
Features 
Tech 
Science 
Culture 
Advertisement 
facebook 
twitter 
reddit 
Comment 
google+ 
linkedin 
Email 
What's app 
digg 
&#039;Apple Would Not Exist Without Immigration,&#039; Says Cook On Trump Administration Immigration Order 
29 January 2017, 6:40 pm EST			 By Abhijeet Kar Tech Times 		 
Virtual Reality - Five Things You Should Know Now Playing  Youngest Tech Billionaires Now Playing   
Apple's CEO Tim Cook has stressed on the importance of immigrants in the progress of the company. Cook sent his views to employees via an e-mail voicing his thoughts on the immigration issue. 
( Valery Marchive | Flickr )
Advertisement 
Close on the heels of Mark Zuckerberg voicing his thoughts on the executive order decreed by the Trump administration, which debars people from seven countries from U.S. visas for 90 days, Apple's CEO Tim Cook has expressed his views. 
In an e-mail to Apple employees, Cook shared his views on the matter and expressed the concerns shared by several of the company's employees who are immigrants. 
Cook asserted the importance of immigrants and shared that without them, Apple would not be able to operate. 
"In my conversations with officials here in Washington this week, I've made it clear that Apple believes deeply in the importance of immigration -- both to our company and to our nation's future. Apple would not exist without immigration, let alone thrive and innovate the way we do," stated the Apple CEO. 
The Declaration 
Cook revealed that he shared the concerns and did not support the new policy. Several Apple employees he noted were "directly affected" by the immigration directive from the Trump administration. However, the company's security, HR and legal teams were hard at work and were in touch with these employees to offer them assistance and aid. 
The CEO asserted that the Cupertino-based company would do whatever was in its power to support its affected employees. In this effort, the company is offering those impacted by the immigration order resources on the AppleWeb to assist employees who have any concerns or queries on immigration policies. 
Cook also disclosed that Apple had "reached out to the White House" in a bid to elucidate the adverse impact this move was having on the company, as well the co-workers. 
He stressed that the diversity is what makes Apple's operations stronger. He added that the workers at Apple were compassionate and would support each other in times of need. 
Cook reasserted to anxious employees that this empathy was extremely important at such a trying time and he felt that he could count on his co-workers to ensure that Apple employees felt valued, wanted and respected. 
He reiterated that Apple was open to all and did not discriminate. It did not matter to the company what language a person spoke or what their origins were, what faith they followed or practiced. 
Cook went on to say that Apple's employees are considered to be among the most talented across the globe. The ethnic diversity is what makes the company tick and many people who are currently working for the iPhone maker come from different nations. 
He concluded that even though people were from varied backgrounds, they had the same purpose. 
Photo: Valery Marchive | Flickr 			 									 
TAG 
Tim Cook , Apple , President Donald Trump , Immigration Order 
© 2017 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. 
Advertisement 
Related Articles 
President Donald Trump Suspends Syrian Refugee Program Indefinitely, Bans US Visa For Nationals Of Six Other Countries 
Doomsday Clock Moved 30 Seconds Closer To Midnight Largely Because Of Donald Trump 
Mark Zuckerberg Not Planning To Run For President, As He's Focusing On Facebook And Chan Zuckerberg Initiative 
Anthropologists Discover 38,000 Year-Old Engraving On A Limestone Slab 
Kickass Torrents Comeback Bombing? Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x Remain Top Sites Despite KAT Return 
From Our Sponsor 
How To Shop Smart: 5 Characteristics Of A Smart Shopper 
You may love shopping, you may be a bargain hunter....but are you a smart shopper? 
SPONSORED BY 
Packsize 
Advertisement 
Most Popular 
1 
Life & Style 
McDonald's Re-Engineers Straw Using Fibonacci Formula To Let You Enjoy Shamrock Shake More 
2 
Space 
Ancient Judean Jars Offer Insights Into Earth's Magnetic Field Strength 
3 
Apple 
2016 MacBook Pro Battery Life Can Be Extended More Than 12 Hours By Few Simple Tricks 
Advertisement 
4 
Space 
Super Earth Capable Of Supporting Life, Scientists Claim 
5 
Feature | Culture 
Art For Free: Met Museum Releases Thousands Of Artwork Images For Unrestricted Use 
6 
Apps/Software 
Facebook Heads To TVs: Apps For Apple TV And Amazon Fire TV To Launch ‘Soon’ 
Advertisement 
7 
Video Games 
For Honor Beta Hosted More Than 6 Million Players: Knights Win Faction War 
8 
Business Tech 
Magic Leap A Hostile Workplace Environment For Women, New Lawsuit By Former Executive Alleges 
9 
Video Games 
Pokémon GO Will Get Trading, Player vs Player Battles Soon: Why Is It Taking So Long? 
10 
Space 
China's Space Plans: First Chinese Cargo Spacecraft Will Lift Off In April 
EDITOR'S PICKS 
Art For Free: Met Museum Releases Thousands Of Artwork Images For Unrestricted Use 
Google Play Store February 2017: The New Apps, Music, Movies And TV Shows Available To Download 
Common Weed In Florida Fights Antibiotic-Resistant Superbugs Without Killing Bacteria 
Pregnant Inmate Gives Birth On Prison Cell Floor Of County Jail 
Arctic Temperatures Rise: Sea Ice Cover Sets Record Low For January 
The Nokia 3310 Is Making A Comeback: Modern Version Will Be Unveiled At MWC 2017 
Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge Battery Life Reduces After Android 7.0 Nougat Update 
Ford Invests $1 Billion In Artificial Intelligence Startup Argo AI And Here’s Why 
Facebook Now Allows Businesses To Post Job Openings: Should LinkedIn Be Worried? 
Life & Style 
More Life & Style 
Federal Agents Arrest Hundreds Of Undocumented Immigrants Across Several States 
How The Popularity Of Organics Is, Quite Ironically, Hurting Whole Foods 
Pizza Lovers Can Now Create At Wedding Registry At Domino’s 
Visiting US May Mean Handing Over Facebook And Twitter Passwords, Says Department Of Homeland Security 
Breast-feeding Gone Bad: North Carolina Mom Outraged After Day Care Worker Breast-fed Her Son Without Consent 
Travel Ban In US Should Have Been Delayed, Says Homeland Security Chief 
Merriam-Webster Adds 1,000 More Words To Catalog: What's New For Tech And Science? 
Congressman Booed In Town Hall After Dodging Question About Environment And Science 
Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos 
About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin 
© 2017 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.