Ellis, Watson top world-class indoor track athletes                   /">   SUBSCRIBE NOW to get full access     Home   News   Sports   Life   Business   Flavors   Opinion   Roc Magazine   NY Data   RocRoots   Archives   Insider   USA TODAY   Media   More  Home News Sports Life Business Flavors Opinion Roc Magazine NY Data RocRoots Archives Insider USA TODAY Media        Follow    Search   Firefly  Hi  Already a subscriber? Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings. My Account  View the E-Newspaper  Manage your Newsletters  View your Insider deals and more  Member ID Card  Chat Support  Chat Support  Log Out       Get the news Log In or Subscribe to skip  Already a subscriber? Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access.      
138
Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about  Facebook Email Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest  Ellis, Watson top world-class indoor track athletes Gates Chili sophomore and Rush-Henrietta senior compete in televised IAAF meet in Boston    Post to Facebook    Ellis, Watson top world-class indoor track athletes &#13;&#13;Gates Chili sophomore and Rush-Henrietta senior compete in televised IAAF meet in Boston &#13;&#13;Check out this story on DemocratandChronicle.com: http://on.rocne.ws/2jCs1Pi 
{#
#}
Cancel Send  Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address.  Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.    Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs       Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access.     Ellis, Watson top world-class indoor track athletes  James Johnson , @jjdandc 
Published 7:11 p.m. ET Jan. 28, 2017 | Updated 7:40 p.m. ET Jan. 28, 2017      Buy Photo  Erica Ellis was the state indoor pole vault champion last year at 12 feet, 3 inches. She cleared 12-7 this year to set a Section V record. The height is also the best ever for a sophomore in state history. (Photo: KATE MELTON) Buy Photo   
138
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE  Gates Chili sophomore Erica Ellis made her debut in world-class indoor pole vault competition Saturday in Boston, and ended up with a higher finish than a mentor, Jenn Suhr. Ellis came in sixth in a field of seven at the New Balance Indoor Grand Prix with a height of 12 feet, 3/4 inch, inside the Reggie Lewis Center. This was the first time Ellis jumped during a competition at this level, as the meet opened the International Association of Athletics Federation (IAAF) World Indoor Tour. Five Olympians competed along with Ellis, one of two invited high school-aged jumpers.   Buy Photo Sammy Watson (Photo: KATE MELTON)  Rio Olympic gold-medalist Katerina Stefanidi, of Greece, cleared 15-2 1/4 during her first-place finish. Suhr, a 34-year old Olympic champion who makes her home locally in Riga, no-heighted. Ellis set the Section V record at 12-7 Jan. 12 at The College at Brockport. She has trained with Jenn and coach Rick Suhr for more than a year. Sammy Watson placed fourth in a field of eight, which included runners recognized in world rankings, during the women's 800-meters. Watson finished the two-lap race in 2:03.94, which may be another Section V record for the Rush-Henrietta senior who advanced to the USA Track and Field Olympic Trials last summer.     Buy Photo Churchville-Chili senior Anna Kostarellis (Photo: KATE MELTON/PHOTOGRAPHER)  Charlene Lipsey, who attended high school in Nassau County on Long Island, won the women's 800 in 2:02.01, followed by Habitam Alemu, of Ethiopia. Watson set the national high school girls indoor 600 record last week during a Section V meet in Houghton, and also owns the sectional indoor 400, 500 and 1-mile records. Churchville-Chili senior Anna Kostarellis raced with other high school standouts and placed third in the junior girls mile, behind Jacqueline Gaughan (4:52.57), of New Hampshire. Kostarellis, a three-time Democrat and Chronicle All-Greater Rochester selection by area high school coaches, finished in 4:55.52. Watson's Section V record is 4:47.49. JAMESJ@Gannett.com  Rush-Henrietta&#39;s Sammy Watson sets national track mark    Gates Chili sophomore sets pole vault record     DEMOCRAT AND CHRONICLE 2016 All-Greater Rochester Girls Cross Country     DEMOCRAT AND CHRONICLE 2016 All-Greater Rochester Girls Cross Country   
138
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE    
TOP VIDEOS
Varsity Voices hockey: Penfield prepares for tourney 13:24    Five Section V wrestlers to watch at state qualifiers 0:44    SalSpeak: Super Bowl and Syracuse basketball 32:14    Varsity Voices basketball: Fairport boys poised for a run 18:46    SalSpeak: Super Bowl, Rex&#39;s parting shots and remembering the Jim Kelly era 26:07    Smashing debut for McQuaid star Isaiah Stewart 2:10    Varsity Voices Basketball: What&#39;s the deal with UPrep basketball? 14:18    No limits for Pittsford diver Sidney Taylor 1:43    Ryan Blackwell&#39;s calm demeanor leads to coaching success 1:53    Alex Nylander returns to Rochester 0:44