dubsquad - Lip Sync Music Video Editor and Filters on the App Store 
Open Menu 
Close Menu 
Apple 
Shopping Bag 
Apple 
Mac 
iPad 
iPhone 
Watch 
TV 
Music 
Support 
Search apple.com 
Shopping Bag 
Overview Music Video Charts  
Opening the iTunes Store. If iTunes doesn't open, click the iTunes application icon in your Dock or on your Windows desktop. Progress Indicator 
Opening the iBooks Store. If iBooks doesn't open, click the iBooks app in your Dock. Progress Indicator 
iTunes 
iTunes is the world's easiest way to organize and add to your digital media collection. 
We are unable to find iTunes on your computer. To download the free app dubsquad - Lip Sync Music Video Editor and Filters by SNAP DUB - Like Chat Save Upload Edit Picture Video Gif Collage and Music layout maker tube Inc., get iTunes now.   
Already have iTunes? Click I Have iTunes to open it now. 
iTunes for Mac + PC 
dubsquad - Lip Sync Music Video Editor and Filters 
By SNAP DUB - Like Chat Save Upload Edit Picture Video Gif Collage and Music layout maker tube Inc. 
View More by This Developer 
Open iTunes to buy and download apps. 
Description
Worlds largest music and dub video community. *** 100’s of amazing filters made by professional music video directors! dubsquad makes it easy and fun to create amazing videos and impress your friends. *** Highlights: - Select from millions of tracks or use music from your own device - Create lip sync videos to your favourite songs - Choose from 100s of cool mix filter - made by music producers, music directors and film makers! - Make your own dazzling filter - 1000s of unique filter combos possible! - Add cool video effects: filter, fast motion, slow motion, time lapse, and other effects - Share your videos on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Messenger, WhatsApp and Vine to impress your friends and get likes! - Save videos to your camera roll - Get lots of fans, crown, followers and likes for free - dubstar.me is an app that compliments and is like funimate, vine, youtube, instagram and snapchat - Be POPULAR - do you have what it take to become a dubstar? Get seen by MILLIONS - Every day we feature the best music, sound and videos. Become a dubstar now!!! Any feedback? Contact us at snapdubapp@gmail.com or tweet us @dubstarme * Downloadable previews do not use the iTunes API ------ If you choose to upgrade to dubstar.me plus, you will receive a free trial that enables you to make and store unlimited full-resolution video, unlimited sounds and access to all video filters for 7 days. At the end of the trial period, your subscription will automatically renew each month at a price of $9.99 per month unless canceled at least 24 hours before the date of renewal. You can manage your iTunes subscription in the App Store settings after purchase. Apple does not currently allow cancellations of the current subscription period. Privacy Policy : http://snap7.parseapp.com/privacy_policy.html Terms of Uses: http://goo.gl/AlnD8R 
dubsquad - Lip Sync Music Video Editor and Filters Support 
What's New in Version 4.3.8
Reduced overall app size. Fixed minor bugs. 
iPhone Screenshots 
Customer Reviews 
Oh em gee 
by
theonlylivinggirlinLA
Wow so good to have fun with this beautiful beautiful day with my new game here I hope you have fun with this app and I love you for the very very long time you have come back with me something you for sure are the one I want it I just like you I know it very very much fun and I am sure you will it as much fun and I know it is was easy fun but it is very very fun and fun fun and very very fun and fun app very very fun and fun app very very fun and and fun app very very fun and fun app very very
Good app 
by
Mad_mos
I like the app because it doesn't just make you buy the filters it gives you others first and then you can chose to buy the filters if you want to. Sure, it would be better if all the filters were free but it's still a good app.
What I like about this app 
by
Icjdicnslxbdicnfidnsoc
I think all the features should be free and I like that you can mix all the features together
Customers Also Bought 
PocketVideo - Video Editor for Vlogging &amp; More  Photo &amp; Video  View in iTunes 
Solo Selfie  Photo &amp; Video  View in iTunes 
Video Editor Cool Effects Edit Filters for iMovie  Photo &amp; Video  View in iTunes 
BOO! - Video Messenger with Magical Effects  Photo &amp; Video  View in iTunes 
Funimate video editor: add perfect effects &amp; edits  Photo &amp; Video  View in iTunes 
View in iTunes 
Free  Category: Photo &amp; Video  Updated: Dec 20, 2016 Version: 4.3.8 Size: 83.7 MB Languages: English, Catalan, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, Spanish Seller: SNAP DUB - Like Chat Save Upload Edit Picture Video Gif Collage and Music layout maker tube Inc. © Rashid Khan You must be at least 17 years old to download this app. Frequent/Intense Sexual Content or Nudity Infrequent/Mild Mature/Suggestive Themes Infrequent/Mild Profanity or Crude Humor Infrequent/Mild Horror/Fear Themes Infrequent/Mild Alcohol, Tobacco, or Drug Use or References  Compatibility: Requires iOS 9.2 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. 
Customer Ratings 
Current Version: 
4.64191     377 Ratings 
All Versions: 
4603 Ratings 
Top In-App Purchases
dubstar.me plus $9.99 dubstar.me plus $4.99 Buy Everything $9.99 Remove ads $3.99 Premium Filter Pack $6.99 Remove watermark $4.99 
Discover and share new apps. 
Follow us on @AppStore . 
Discover and share new music, movies, TV, books, and more. 
Follow us @iTunes and discover new iTunes Radio Stations and the music we love. 
 
Apple 
iTunes 
Shop and Learn 
Open Menu 
Close Menu 
Mac 
iPad 
iPhone 
Watch 
TV 
Music 
iTunes 
iPod 
Accessories 
Gift Cards 
Apple Store 
Open Menu 
Close Menu 
Find a Store 
Genius Bar 
Workshops and Learning 
Youth Programs 
Apple Store App 
Refurbished 
Financing 
Reuse and Recycling 
Order Status 
Shopping Help 
For Education 
Open Menu 
Close Menu 
Apple and Education 
Shop for College 
For Business 
Open Menu 
Close Menu 
Apple and Business 
Shop for Business 
Account 
Open Menu 
Close Menu 
Manage Your Apple ID 
Apple Store Account 
iCloud.com 
Apple Values 
Open Menu 
Close Menu 
Accessibility 
Education 
Environment 
Inclusion and Diversity 
Privacy 
Supplier Responsibility 
About Apple 
Open Menu 
Close Menu 
Apple Info 
Newsroom 
Job Opportunities 
Press Info 
Investors 
Events 
Contact Apple 
More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store , call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller .
United States 
Copyright &copy; 2016 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. 
Privacy Policy 
Terms of Use 
Sales and Refunds 
Legal 
Site Map