Reince Priebus – We Won’t Apologize For Keeping America Safe – Deplorable Press 
Politics Media Culture Economy Faith   
Media 
Reince Priebus – We Won’t Apologize For Keeping America Safe 
3 weeks ago Add Comment  by Pontificus Maximus Aka Duke Taber  
Watch White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus obliterate media hack Chuck Todd on Meet The Press 
541 SHARES  Share  Tweet  Google  Pinterest   Whatsapp  Digg  Linkedin  Reddit  Stumbleupon  Vk  Delicious  Buffer  Weibo  Pocket  Xing  Tumblr  Mail  Flipboard  
White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus joined Chuck Todd to talk about the implications of an executive order that put a hold on refugees from 7 nations entering the United States. 
Chuck Todd really needs to either take Reince’s admonition to stop and listen more or he needs to just quite playing stupid. Either way he makes himself look really bad. 
Amazing how Chuck Todd doesn’t want to talk about these 7 countries being identified by the Obama administration. Liberal hypocrisy at its finest. 
What do you think? Please leave a comment below. 
Support the Trump Presidency and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 
Stay Informed! 
Get our latest news and commentary in your inbox every evening. 
Thank you for subscribing. 
Something went wrong. 
We respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously 
Chuck Todd Media Bias NBC Radical Islam Reince Priebus 			 
About the author 
Pontificus Maximus Aka Duke Taber 
I am irredeemably deplorable and I own this website. 
View all posts 
You may also like 
Trump’s Presser Sets Twitter Ablaze With Ideas For New Job Description 
5 hours ago 	 
Twitter Decides President Trump Should Be.... 
President Trump “Shocks And Awes” The Media With Surprise Press Conference 
7 hours ago 	 
B-B-Boom! 
Piers Morgan: Media Fueling Crazy Hysteria Against Trump 
13 hours ago 	 
There is an absolutely frenzied concerted attempt to de-legitimize, sabotage and destroy the Trump... 
13 “Tough” Questions Liberal Reporters Asked Obama 
13 hours ago 	 
Will the hypocrisy never end? 
Trump Supporters Fight Back – Organize March 4 Trump 
14 hours ago 	 
1 man, 1 idea, turns into a grassroots movement across the nation. 
Deplorable Press 
advertisment 		 
This Week’s Hot Stories 
Trump Supporters Fight Back – Organize March 4... 
5 min read 
Rush Limbaugh: Forget Trump. What Did Obama Know About... 
8 min read 
Wow! Look How The People Love President Trump In Mar-a... 
1 min read 
Breaking: President Trump To Hold Massive Rally In... 
1 min read 
You Won’t Believe What 95% Of Illegals Arrested... 
2 min read 
Rush Limbaugh: We’re Not Far From Civil War! 
3 min read 
Viral Video: I Think My Dog Is A Democrat 
2 min read 
Breaking: Watch President Trump Answers Questions... 
1 min read 
New Poll Reveals Shocking Support Of Trump’s... 
2 min read 
Judge Jeanine Blasts Nordstrom For Attacking Ivanka... 
1 min read 
advertisement 		 
More From Deplorable Press 
Trump’s Presser Sets Twitter Ablaze With... 
Piers Morgan: Media Fueling Crazy Hysteria... 
13 “Tough” Questions Liberal... 
Wall Street Journal Tells Anti-Trumpers To Leave 
New Book Promises Inside Look At Clinton Campaign... 
advertisement 		 
Stay Informed! 
Get our latest news and commentary in your inbox every evening. 
Thank you for subscribing. 
Something went wrong. 
We respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously. 
Categories 		 
Culture 
Economy 
Faith 
In The Basket With Alecia Roberts 
International 
Media 
Politics 
Archives 		 
February 2017 
January 2017 
December 2016 
November 2016 
New From Viral Believer  How To Develop An Intimate Relationship With Jesus Finding Joy In The Journey – 18 Christian Quotes About Joy 4 Ways To Know God Is Speaking To You 				 
Legaleze 
Contact Us 
Deplorable Press. Copyright © 2016 to present.