Fort Collins mountaineer Jim Davidson returning to Everest            /">   SUBSCRIBE NOW to get full access     Home   Insider   News   Sports   Business   NoCo Life   Windsor Beacon   Opinion   Obituaries   Archives   USA TODAY   Media   More  Home Insider News Sports Business NoCo Life Windsor Beacon Opinion Obituaries Archives USA TODAY Media        Follow   Search   Firefly  Hi  Already a subscriber? Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings. My Account  View the E-Newspaper  Manage your Newsletters  View your Insider deals and more  Member ID Card  Chat Support  Chat Support  Log Out       Get the news Log In or Subscribe to skip  Already a subscriber? Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access.      
432
Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about  Facebook Email Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest  Fort Collins mountaineer Jim Davidson returning to Everest After the 2015 Nepal earthquake cut his first attempt short, Jim Davidson will once again try to climb Mount Everest.    Post to Facebook    Fort Collins mountaineer Jim Davidson returning to Everest &#13;&#13;After the 2015 Nepal earthquake cut his first attempt short, Jim Davidson will once again try to climb Mount Everest. &#13;&#13;Check out this story on coloradoan.com: http://noconow.co/2jCTBJz 
{#
#}
Cancel Send  Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address.  Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.    Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs       Fort Collins mountaineer Jim Davidson returning to Everest   Matt L. Stephens , matthewstephens@coloradoan.com 
Published 4:52 p.m. MT Jan. 26, 2017 | Updated 6:58 p.m. MT Jan. 29, 2017      CLOSE   Skip in  Skip  x Embed   x Share         
Expert Jim Davidson shares his climbing advice, knowledge.
Adrian Garcia/The Coloradoan     Fort Collins resident Jim Davidson sits atop South Twin Sisters Peak in Rocky Mountain National Park, with Longs Peak looming in the background March 6, 2015. In March, Davidson will make his second attempt to climb Mount Everest. (Photo: Jim Davidson)   
432
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE  This time, the plan is for no earthquake. Fort Collins resident Jim Davidson was climbing Mount Everest in April 2015 when a 7.8 earthquake rocked Nepal, causing avalanches on the mountain and stranding him above base camp for 40 hours. Climbing the mountain had been a dream of his dating to college, and the 2015 trek was his first attempt. Nearly two years later, he's ready to give it another go. Davidson, 54, will leave for Nepal on March 22 and expects to be gone for about two months as he tries to reach the summit of the world's tallest mountain at 29,029 feet.  Lost hiker rescued near North Longs Peak Trail   “Climbing the mountain then became instantly unimportant once the earthquake hit," Davidson said. "What did become important was getting back to base camp and helping people get to safety and trying to rebuild."   Davidson said he studied how climbers in spring of 2016 approached Everest to get a better sense of how the mountain had changed before he decided to make his return. A geologist by trade, he was quickly able to learn there weren't many significant changes to the route. Some climbers reported certain crevasses were larger since the earthquake, but the mountain regularly changes from year to year based on snowfall. "I’m a long-term climber and wanted to go back and do it again," he said. "And the people of Nepal really need people to come back and be tourists, trekkers and climbers (to help rebuild the economy).” To train, Davidson is spending about two days a week in the gym, two hiking in the hills and another one to two days in the high mountains, including Rocky Mountain National Park and the Ouray Ice Park. For insight and analysis on athletics around Northern Colorado and the Mountain West, follow sports editor Matt L. Stephens at twitter.com/mattstephens and facebook.com/stephensreporting.  How to get in shape to climb a Colorado fourteener   
432
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE    
TOP VIDEOS
Today in History for February 17th 1:37    NBA All-Star Saturday features big names 0:56    Nicholas Baer on the danger of slow starts 0:33    What has been Tyler Cook&#39;s biggest college adjustment? 0:47    MLB Spring Training: &#39;Cutie ball&#39; to return to Twins open house? 0:43    Early MLB spring training headlines 1:22    Westminster Winner Enjoys Steak Lunch 1:15    Director Peter Berg dishes on new TV show &#39;QB1: Beyond the Lights&#39; 6:56    These four NFL players could get a franchise tag 1:40    Purdue 74, Rutgers 55: Boilermakers reaction 5:27