 
Grip Enhancer For Sports 
First-class portal 		 
Portal articles on any subject 	 
Liability: 
First-class portal and its parent company do not warrant or assume any legal liability or responsibility for the quality, accuracy, completeness, legality, reliability or usefulness of any information, product or service represented on this website. The information provided on First-class portal is for educational or entertainment purposes only.
Anyone using the information on First-class portal, whether medical, legal, business or other, does so at his or her own risk, and by using such information agrees to indemnify First-class portal, its parent company and its content providers from any and all liability, loss, injury, damages, costs and expenses (including legal fees and expenses) arising from such use. 
Pages: 1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
14 
15 
16 
17 
18 
19 
20 
21 
22 
23 
24 
25 
Grip Enhancer For Sports quickgripgolf 
Athletes are gradually learning the importance of a grip enhancer is sports. By eliminating moisture, grip enhancers allow athletes to perform at their highest potential. Whether its golf, baseball, tennis, football or weightlifting, having a better grip will essentially give you the edge. There are a variety of grip enhancers on the market. However, there are a few distinctions among each company. Quick Grip: Quick Grip offers athletes the best in gripping ability without the stickiness. This is important because other products are extremely sticky and can interfere with other aspects of your game. For example, a baseball player using pine tar and then going out into the field to throw a ball around. Quick Grip gives you an adequate grip without having your hands sticking together. The spray application makes it great for any sport. (QuickGripGolf.com) Stickigrips: Stickigrips is another grip enhancer with a cloth application. This is a great product for wet conditions. It is excessively sticky and can get irritating at times if used in dry conditions. Works great for any sports. (Stickigrips.com) Stickum: Stickum was a very popular product with football players. This spray on grip enhancer is also excessively tacky, but works best for wet conditions. Comes in a spray can or jelly. Stickum works best for sports where you need an extremely good grip. It has been banned from football but is still legal in other sports. Handdri: Handdri is a unique grip enhancer due to its application. It comes in small carry case to hold the bag application method. Gripping the bag transfers a sand like material onto your hands, giving you an enhanced grip. This product can get irritating at times because of the friction associated with the abrasive. (Handdri.com) DryHands: Dry Hands is a very convenient product. The small bottle size makes it great for golf. Its easy to apply and isnt excessively sticky. This can be a negative aspect about the product though. The fact that it dries your hands doesnt mean youll get an enhanced grip. Gorilla Gold: Perhaps the most popular grip enhancer. This is a great product for any sports. The grip enhancing cloths need to be stored in a re-sealable bag to keep the towel moist. The two negative aspects are the duration of the product and excessive tackiness. If stored in the bag, Gorilla Gold cloths will last five weeks. If performing to your highest potential is a priority as an athlete, you should always use a grip enhancer. Most, if not all athletes use some type of grip enhancer to give themselves the edge. Use one of the above products and youll see a tremendous increase in performance. If tackiness isnt an issue for you, go for Gorilla Gold or Stickigrips. To get a good grip without the stickiness, I recommend Quick Grip. Many golfers are using Quick Grip to reduce sweat and prevent the club from slipping. They spray it on their hands, gloves and grips as a way to improve their game. Many tennis pros have been using the products as well.  				
No Implied Endorsement: 
First-class portal does not endorse or recommend any article on this site or any product, service or information found within said articles. The views and opinions of the authors who have submitted articles to First-class portal belong to them alone and do not necessarily reflect the views of First-class portal, its staff or parent company. 
No Warranty: 
Links to other Web sites from First-class portal are provided for convenience only. First-class portal is not responsible for the content or availability of any external or 3rd party sites and does not warrant or guarantee the products, services, or information found on these sites. 
First-class portal © 2012