FOX Sports’ Charles Tillman on the Bears: “They’re a couple years away” 
GeosNews - Local US News 
FREE - On Google Play 
INSTALL 
FOX Sports’ Charles Tillman on the Bears: “They’re a couple years away” 
What is GeosNews? 
How it works 
Suggest a Site 
Contact Us 
Bookmarks  
Home 
United States 
City of Chicago 
FOX Sports’ Charles Tillman on the Bears: “They’re a c...  
FOX Sports’ Charles Tillman on the Bears: “They’re a couple years away” 
WGN Radio 
News from: City of Chicago  
Former Bears CB and FOX Sports analyst Charles “Peanut” Tillman joins Adam Hoge, Jarrett Payton and Mark Carman for a discussion on his first season off the field as an observer, how the Patriots and Falcons stack up for Super Bowl LI, what inspired him to write open letters to his younger self and to the city of Chicago as gun violence continues to plague the streets, his outlook for the Bears going forward and what they should focus on... Read the full article here: WGN Radio  The post: «FOX Sports’ Charles Tillman on the Bears: “They’re a couple years away”» has been published 
on the website WGN Radio where, everyday, you can find the latest news about Chicago's area. 
facebook 
twitter 
google+ 
tumblr 
Get more articles about this topic 
Leave a comment 
Map of City of Chicago 
Weather in Chicago 
All news City of Chicago 
All news close to you! 
MENU 
GeosNews Homepage 
What is GeosNews? 
How it works 
Contact Us 
Suggest a Site 
DISCLAIMER 
GeosNews.com is a website that provides local news, organized via map and geo-location. It collects news from official and independent sources. Our purpose is to help readers to easily and clearly understand "where things happen'". We help and support online local newspapers, blogs, pages and groups from social networks or big and small communities of citizens to exchange information among them and with the rest of the world. All for free. …continue reading. 
Follow us 
Privacy -
Cookies -
Complete news list 
&copy; 2017 GeosNews.com
&times; 
Bookmarks 
Empty 
Close