Trump DC hotel lost more than $1m in net income | Daily Mail Online 
Home 
U.K. 
News 
Sports 
U.S. Showbiz 
Australia 
Femail 
Health 
Science 
Money 
Video 
Travel 
Columnists 
Latest Headlines 
News 
World News 
Arts 
Headlines 
Pictures 
Most read 
Wires 
My Profile 
Logout 
Login
Feedback 
DailyMail 
NEW ARTICLES Home Top Share 
show ad 
Donald in denial: My White House is a finely tuned machine (and if you hear anything to the contrary it's just fake news from the lying media fed by lowlife leakers in the intelligence community) 
Trump's choice to replace fired Mike Flynn TURNS HIM DOWN as national security advisor position remains vacant for now 
'This is what it's like to be with Trump': President 'made' Gov. Chris Christie eat meatloaf during lunch at the White House 
'Here's another beauty': Donald Trump has a dig at the BBC again in heated back-and-forth with 'impartial free and fair' reporter during White House press conference  
Trump says the greatest thing he could do politically would be to shoot the Russian spy ship off the U.S. coast - but says it would be 'not great' and warns a nuclear holocaust would be 'like no other' 
'He's been invited several times': Live With Kelly executive says Regis Philbin WAS asked to be a guest after he retired and even appeared on 2015 episode 
Mark Zuckerberg's plan to save the world: Facebook founder reveals his vision to 'bring us together in a global community' in 5,500 word manifesto 
'Pick me up daddy, pick me up': Child cries for his father in agonising video after his legs were blown off at the knees in barrel bomb strike in Idlib  
The extreme, dangerous and absurd diets of Hollywood's elite: How the biggest stars of the 20th century ingested tapeworm, ate raw eggs and gorged on 8,000-calorie sandwiches 
Gwyneth Paltrow versus medicine once again: Doctors slam 'dangerous nonsense' from the actress's GHOST WHISPERER to take more iodine 
EXCLUSIVE: 'Malissa is throwing my son under the bus to save her own skin.' Former husband and father of accused murderers of Ku Klux Klan 'imperial wizard' says his ex is a 'pure evil' racist who was cheating on Frank Ancona 
'I saw darkness in his eyes': Tearful kidnap victim Elizabeth Smart listens as a woman tells how she was punched in the face and raped by a former Air Force Staff Sergeant at a Utah State University frat party 
NY Jets cornerback Darrelle Revis, 31, investigated by police on possible robbery and assault charges after two men were KNOCKED OUT for ten minutes in early-morning dust-up 
Women caught with 42 pounds of horse meat and genitals hidden in juice boxes at Dulles airport 
'Is the media reporting unfairly?' Donald Trump sends 'accountability survey' to his fans asking them to grade the press' performance 
'Very insulting question': Trump in bizarre rant at Jewish journalist who asks about anti-Semitism after claiming 'he lied' about being a 'friendly reporter'  
Trump claims he got biggest electoral college win since Reagan - then folds within minutes when 'dishonest' reporter tells him he was wrong (and blames an underling)  
Trump v 'fake news' CNN: the rematch. President spars with the network's White House correspondent - then rebrands it 'VERY fake news' 
Melania WILL be moving into the White House says her husband - as he says she has been maligned (but adds she'll be working with Ivanka)  
Black Democratic congressman says Trump 'made up' story about him canceling White House meeting because Chuck Schumer told him to 
The boy whose awesome story reveals why Trump triumphed: How his grandmother's love helped him escape poverty to write a remarkable book about his life - and why the American dream is now DEAD for millions 
Disgraced Trump national security adviser escapes charges for changing his story to the FBI - but agency is STILL probing him and Congress is piling on too  
Six Trump aides marched out of the White House for FAILING national security background check that asks about drugs, arrests and money woes 
'Ask dad to resign before he ruins the planet': Seth Rogen messages Donald Trump Jr on Twitter asking him to get the president to go back to being 'just a guy on TV'  
Previous 
Next 
House Democrats say Trump is in breach of contract for not divesting from D.C. Trump Hotel which 'lost more than $1M in net income during its first months of business'  
House Dems have raised their concerns that Trump's hotel is a conflict of interest Donald Trump is in 'breach of contract' for not divesting from his hotel lease The letter from the democratic group also cited the D.C. hotel's income losses Trump announced weeks ago he divested from his business but did not provide proof By
Karen Ruiz For Dailymail.com 
Published: 
17:19 EST, 29 January 2017
| 
Updated: 
20:27 EST, 29 January 2017
e-mail 
20 
shares 
57 
View comments 
House Democrats have sent out a letter to the General Services Administration outlining their concerns about President Donald Trump 's 'breach of contract' for not divesting from his hotel lease. The D.C. Trump International Hotel which opened in October in the Old Post Office, has been under the president's name since before he took office. The GSA, which owns the building, negotiated a 60-year lease for the hotel back in 2012 which stated: 'No member or delegate to Congress, or elected official of the Government of the United States ... shall be admitted to any share or part of this Lease, or to any benefit that may arise therefrom,' DCIST reported.   
The D.C. Trump International Hotel which opened in October in the Old Post Office, has been under Trump's name since before he took office, but is a conflict of interest now that he is president  House Democrats had been warning GSA officials months before the inauguration to flag up concerns that Trump would be in breach of contract as soon as he takes office. A new letter led by ranking member of the House Oversight Committee Elijah Cummings, reaffirmed their concerns while also citing the hotel's income losses.  The letter stated: 'We have been raising concerns about this issue for months, and we understand that GSA raised our concerns with the Trump transition team directly several weeks ago,' they added.  'Our hope has always been that President Trump would resolve these breach-of-lease and conflict of interest issues prior to being sworn in as President on January 20. Unfortunately, President Trump has refused to address these concerns, and taxpayer dollars may now be squandered as career public servants are forced to take remedial action to cure this breach.'  
Donald Trump gave a thumbs up after cutting the ribbon at the new D.C. Trump International Hotel with his son Eric Trump, wife Melania Trump and daughter Tiffany Trump (R) in October   
According to financial reports obtained by the House dems, the D.C. Trump International Hotel lost more than $1million in net income during its first two months and earned $2million less than its estimated revenue.  
RELATED ARTICLES 
Previous 
1 
2 
Next 
White House discussing 'asking foreign visitors for... 
Trump's executive orders dramatically expand power of... 
'Simply un-American!' Bill de Blasio hammers Trump's... 
Share this article 
Share 
When the group sent out a letter last month, the GSA responded saying: 'no determination regarding the Old Post Office can be completed until the full circumstances surrounding the President-elect's business arrangements have been finalized and he has assumed office.' Trump had recently announced he resigned from his businesses and passed it over to his sons after months of pressure to leave the company.  However, the president has not provided proof that he is no longer involved in the business operations. The hotel had a ribbon-cutting event on the hotel's opening day in October which served as a protesting site for demonstrators who were against the President's speech on immigrants.  The numbers listed in the report are from before Trump was even elected, and it has since become a popular accommodation site for travelling diplomats.   
 House Dems provided a chart explaining Trump's ties to his business and who owns majority interest in the hotel   
According to financial reports obtained by the House dems, the D.C. Trump International Hotel lost more than $1million in net income during its first two months and earned $2million less than its estimated revenue  
Read more: 
D.C. Trump Hotel Lost More Than $1 Million During Opening Months: DCist 
Top Oversight and Transportation Committee Dems Request Information on GSA¿s Steps to Address President Trump¿s Apparent Breach of D.C. Hotel Lease | Committee on Oversight and Government Reform - Democrats 
Share or comment on this article 
e-mail 
20 
shares 
Most watched News videos      Plumber propositioned by lingerie clad actress while his girlfriend watches      Boyfriend passes out repeatedly during ride on terrifying Sky Swing      Barmaid&#x27;s dog spread feathers everywhere in her house      Russia shows off latest fighter jet by their Ministry of Defence      Redback spider catches brown snake in it&#x27;s web and attacks it      Administration is running like a &#x27;fine-tuned machine&#x27;: Trump      CCTV shows Kim Jong Un&#x27;s &#x27;female assassin&#x27; sent to kill half-brother      Trump spars with CNN rebranding them &#x27;VERY fake news&#x27;      Brutal moment James Arthur is smashed in the head by thug      Shocking moment a model poses on the ledge of very tall skyscraper      Incredible new rotating tower set to open in Dubai in 2020      RAF typhoons bombs a Daesh headquarters in Mosul      
Plumber is propositioned by a lingerie-clad actress...    Pervert, 33, admits possessing huge haul of extreme child...    Now Domino's staff are seen piling a shopping trolley...    Donald in denial: My White House is a 'fine-tuned...    'She was tired of fighting and just wanted to go to...    Pictured in cuffs: ‘Assassin who poisoned North Korean...    Social workers took a newborn baby from his parents after...    Woman, 42, sues family of child who left her 'scarred for...    Teenage girl, 15, denies murdering seven-year-old Katie...    Hollywood actor, 31, who invited his dying neighbor, 89,...    Father, 38, dies during half term horror after ‘Pontins...    Syrian asylum seeker is jailed for life in Sweden after...    TV's Police Interceptors star dies aged 34 after losing a...    Girl, 16, with Asperger's is left with horrific facial...    Thanks for the sympathy! Fearless woman can't stop...    EXCLUSIVE: The Fresh Prince of Hidden Hills! Jaden Smith,...    Father, 24, says he was left bald after using a £4 V05...    The hotel where YOU decide the view: Rotating Dubai...   MOST READ NEWS   Previous   Next  &#9679;  &#9679;  &#9679;  &#9679;    
More top stories 
Bing 
Site 
Web 
Enter search term: 
Search 
Like 
DailyMail 
Follow 
MailOnline 
Follow 
DailyMail 
+1 
DailyMail 
Femail Today 
'I know I'm the s***!' Mama June reveals she's half her size after undergoing SECOND surgery to remove excess skin post-gastric bypass
Model mom! Christie Brinkley, 63, rocks red jumpsuit at Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue launch with daughters Alexa Ray, 31, and Sailor, 18
Making a splash! Kim Kardashian is soaking wet as she wears see-through white top in sultry Costa Rica throwback photos
Racy shots
Trick of the eye! Charlotte McKinney leaves almost NOTHING to the imagination in barely-there nude bikini
Slipped into an embossed nude bikini
Meg Ryan lists SoHo loft for $10.9M... and it's the NINTH home she's renovated
Carved out impressive second career flipping properties
Han Yolo! Harrison Ford, 74, gets back in the cockpit of a JET just three days after he nearly crashed his plane into a Boeing 737
He sure loves to fly
Kylie Jenner shares insecurities about mega-successful Lip Kits as she poses in sexy Violet Grey photoshoot
Posed for the cover
'I miss my babies': Kim Kardashian yearns for North and Saint... while she considers Paris return 'as Kanye West wants her to attend fashion week'
No bikinis needed! Kate Upton, Ashley Graham and Nina Agdal ooze sex appeal on red carpet for Sports Illustrated release party
Ruling the red carpet
Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Hannah Jeter sparkles in sequined dress with thigh-high split and cleavage cutout at SI Swimsuit launch
Doting mom Ashlee Simpson cradles daughter Jagger as she steps out with husband Evan Ross
Had her one-year-old daughter in her arms
An unbreakable Bond! Pierce Brosnan cradles his granddaughter as he joins his son and daughter-in-law for a Beverly Hills walk
Doting grandfather
Judge dismisses defamation case brought against Bill Cosby by Sammy Davis Jr.'s former lover who claimed The Cosby Show star raped her
Hot in Hawaii! Jada Pinkett Smith, 45, flaunts her enviable curves in a teeny leopard-print bikini as she splashes around on the beach
Chrissy Teigen rocks kimono-style jacket and kinky boots to Sports Illustrated launch event in NY with husband John Legend
Rocked a Japanese vibe
Hard case! Holly Madison sues sex pill manufacturer for falsely claiming she and Hugh Hefner used it to cure his erectile dysfunction
Says they faked quotes
Tat's gotta hurt! Amber Rose gets MASSIVE arm tattoo of Hollywood sign...shortly after breakup with Val Chmerkovskiy
Immense tattoo
His big TV debut! Peta Murgatroyd and Maks Chmerkovskiy tease fans with behind the scenes look at son Shai's first television appearance
Sia slams Kanye West for his use of fur in his latest fashion collection and Tweets graphic video to rapper... after urging his wife Kim to go fur-free months earlier
Not down and out in Beverly Hills! Bearded Lamar Odom looks healthy as he works on new reality series about sober living
Khloe Kardashian's ex
'She knows she'll fail': Thomas Ravenel accuses ex Kathryn Dennis of using drugs again in explosive season four trailer for Southern Charm
Who needs a bikini? Chrissy Teigen poses naked as she relaxes backstage while promoting Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue
Hell for leather! Malin Ackerman rocks skintight trousers and sleeveless top to attend Build Series in NYC
Black leather booties rounded out the look
Justin Bieber 'faked illness to skip deposition'... as lawyers claim videos of him partying prove it
Attorneys say they have video proof
Friendly again: Denise Richards cuddles up to ex-husband Charlie Sheen as they take their children to a Twenty-One Pilots concert
Family outing
Hug it out! Kourtney Kardashian embraces a tattooed mystery man as she rocks hot leather look 
The inked up hunk made the 37-year-old smile
Broken Beckham! Brooklyn wears his arm in a sling after nasty fall while skiing in Whistler Canada
Looks like Beckham bent it the wrong way
'This won't end well': Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna split AGAIN after she 'disappears for days at a time'
They've reportedly ended their relationship
Hot to trot! Bella Thorne shares racy bikini snaps as she frolics in tiny two-piece on vacation in the Caribbean
Beach day
Justin Bieber 'head-butted guest at a pre-Grammys party after he tried to video him play-fighting with a friend' at Serafina restaurant
Whoops! Lil' Kim avoids embarrassing tumble after twisting ankle in sky-high heels after leaving the Marc Jacobs fashion show in NYC
Kanye West looks casual cool while signing autographs outside his NYC hotel... just one day after 'amazing' NYFW runway show
It's a jungle out there! Sara Sampaio wows in a wild hot pink leopard print fur jacket at the Marc Jacobs show
She managed to steal some spotlight
Village People's Victor Willis says 'select' group in Grammy committee may be blocking black artists from winning
Penned a critical note
'He's been invited several times': Live With Kelly producer says Regis Philbin was asked to be a guest after he retired and appeared on 2015 episode
Kim Kardashian considering a RETURN to Paris five months after her frightening robbery because 'Kanye West wants her to attend fashion week'
Ship shape! Behati Prinsloo shows off her long legs as she rocks mini dress and patterned coat at Hollywood luncheon
Paired with ankle boots
Model Taylor Hill rocks kinky knee-high boots and patterned pantyhose as she heads to NYFW show
Pictured out and about in New York
Now that's awkward! Covergirl ambassador Sofia Vergara pictured shopping for rival cosmetics line L'Oreal
She browsed products in a CVS pharmacy
Wigging out! Ariel Winter wears cleavage-baring top and shows off straightened locks during LA outing
Went braless beneath her skintight black top
'I weighed myself three times a day': Chrissy Teigen was once fixated by the scales but feels more confident now after giving birth
Used to be obsessed
Granny in waiting! Heavily-pregnant Natalie Portman and mom Shelley head out for lunch in Los Feliz
Keeping a watchful eye on her daughter
Bump alert! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off baby belly in first public appearance since pregnancy announcement at her collection launch
EXCLUSIVE: Vanderpump Rules star Tom Sandoval reveals he and girlfriend Ariana Madix are releasing a cocktail book TOGETHER
Released later this year
'Ask dad to resign before he ruins the planet': Seth Rogen messages Donald Trump Jr on Twitter
Found a unique way to attack Donald Trump
It's about girl power! Emma Watson talks about her 'mad and wacky' Belle in live action Beauty And The Beast
Created a backstory
Off duty! Kendall Jenner covers up in puffer coat over turtleneck sweater and pinstripe pants in New York
Kept her head down
Slithering into shape! Lena Dunham showcases slimmer figure in skintight python leggings as she grabs a healthy smoothie in LA
Dressed casual cool
'Stand my ground': Nick Cannon resolves to 'stay firm' after quitting America's Got Talent
Announced Monday that he would not be returning to the show
Robert Pattinson and fiancee FKA twigs put on a touchy feely display as they make a rare public appearance together at The Lost City Of Z London premiere
Fierce fashionista! Winnie Harlow shows off lithe legs in a short fur coat at Marc Jacobs NYFW show
She's one of the industry's top talents
Wipeout! Liam Hemsworth is knocked over by a wave as he enjoys a solo surf in Malibu after Valentine's Day dinner with fianc&eacute;e Miley Cyrus
Paramedics reveal Britney Spears' eight-year-old niece was not breathing and had no pulse when they reached her after horror ATV accident 
Katy Perry debuts shorter platinum bob at Marc Jacobs NYFW show... after wigging out at the Grammys
It was a radical change for the 32-year-old
Bijou Phillips, 36, reveals she's 'hopeful' about receiving kidney transplant from friend who is a match... as she details secret five-year health struggle
Louis Tomlinson cuts a lonely figure as he grabs a coffee in LA... while glam ex girlfriend Danielle Campbell parties at NYFW, weeks after split
Pedro Pascal promises 'a lot of cocaine in season three' of his hit show Narcos which will focus on the Cali cartel
Talking to Jimmy Kimmel
'We'll all be there!' Lance Bass confirms NSYNC reunion and vinyl album re-release 
Announced a hiatus in 2002. But it seems like that break is over
Bijou Phillips, 36, reveals friend plans to give her a kidney... as she details secret five-year health struggle after being 'rushed to hospital'
'Back in the saddle!' Yolanda Hadid rides again... and reveals she's at '80 per cent recovery' from Lyme Disease
53-year-old socialite
Friends forever! Pregnant Beyonce reunites with Destiny's Child bandmates Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams at post-Grammy bash
Ageless wonder! Christie Brinkley, 63, pulls off wearing kinky boots with a minidress as she promotes sexy Sports Illustrated swimsuit shoot
American royalty: Ivanka takes inspiration from Kate, William and George with an adorable photo of her son Joseph gazing at a butterfly 
Looks familiar
'More than a facial!': Lupita Nyong'o gets covered in thick purple gloop in mysterious behind the scenes set snap
Shocked her fans
Extreme, dangerous and absurd diets of Hollywood's elite: How biggest stars ingested tapeworm, ate raw eggs and gorged on 8,000-calorie sandwiches
Courtney Stodden smiles while jetting out of LA with hunky male pal...as she reveals 'emotions are still really raw' following split from Doug Hutchison
That's her secret! Vanessa Hudgens leaves Pilates class in little crop top as she shows off her taut tummy
The 28-year-old actress 
Gwyneth Paltrow versus medicine once again: Doctors slam 'dangerous nonsense' from the actress's GHOST WHISPERER to take more iodine
Fit for a Royal! Stunning home where Crown Princess Mary used to stay as a child goes up for auction... with a hefty guide price of more than $3 MILLION
As Kanye West debuted his fifth season of Yeezy for Adidas, FEMAIL reveals how to recreate looks from his collection at bargain basement prices
Someone's having a good week! Tennis star Caroline Wozniacki reveals she's dating NBA forward David Lee within days of returning to the SI Swimsuit Issue
Mad hatter! Kendall Jenner struggles under the weight of a giant beanie at the retro hip hop inspired Marc Jacobs NYFW show 
The 21-year-old 
New York's highest court to hear Lindsay Lohan's Grand Theft Auto case after claiming they based a bikini clad starlet on her
Appeal her lawsuit
Gwyneth Paltrow versus medicine once again: Doctors slam 'dangerous nonsense' from the actress's GHOST WHISPERER to take more iodine
EXCLUSIVE: Now she tells us! Fashion editor who posted the picture of Tiffany Trump calling out the 'empty seats' beside her backpedals after brouhaha 
Drew Barrymore offers fans a peek inside her enviable skincare-stocked medicine cabinet plus some inspiring words about aging
The tragic empty lives of former child stars: JAN MOIR on how Emma Watson's role as self-appointed global feminist is getting a bit too much 
Porn star sex pestered by Chad Kelly on Twitter mocks Ole Miss QB after NFL bans him from Scouting combine for threatening to shoot up bar with AK-47 
Judge tosses out lawsuit against Ellen DeGeneres for mocking realtor Titi Pierce's name on her show
The 59-year-old was sued for a wisecrack 
She's back! After a break from the spotlight, Kim Kardashian makes a stylish return during NYFW and FEMAIL reveals how to re-create four of her chic looks 
Nice six pack! Gigi Hadid flaunts a very toned tummy during NYFW... nearly two years after revealing agencies told her to 'lose a lot of weight'
EXCLUSIVE: Jaden Smith moves into $4million mansion as neighbors say he's turned the quiet gated community into his 'own personal kingdom'
Grabbing all the attention at NYFW! Kim Kardashian nearly spills out of her corset top day after Kanye's Yeezy show
The 36-year-old star
Melania WILL be moving into the White House - and will work on women's issues with Ivanka Trump 
President Donald Trump defended his wife
Ashley Tisdale shows off her glowing skin as she wears a cute monochrome pinafore
The actress was attending launch for Olay's DUO in Hollywood
'She took a chance!': Bachelor Nick Viall dishes on exactly how far he got with Corinne Olympios after she surprised him at his hotel room
Tiny handprints of William and Harry are preserved among the fabric of one of Diana's favorite dresses 30 years after she first wore it 
She's not just a pretty face! Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm is studying engineering and wants to 'help to combat climate change'
Cares about planet
'I loved him': Riley Keough on her mom Lisa Marie Presley's second husband Michael Jackson and what life was REALLY like at Neverland
They stole the shows! From Shay Mitchell's rope braid to Mandy Moore's bow-topped pony FEMAIL details the best front row hair looks from NYFW
She's so lucky! Britney Spears says she feels 'blessed' 10 years on since she shaved her head in tragic breakdown
Now happy and healthy 
RHONY's Sonja Morgan tries to offload her New York home for $10million... as she puts it back on the market for the SEVENTH time
Another shot at selling 
'It was really intense': Camila Cabello confesses she hasn't spoken with Fifth Harmony members as she talks painful split from girl group 
Bonnie And Clyde reunited! Faye Dunaway, 76, and Warren Beatty, 79, 'set to present best picture Oscar' to mark film's 50th anniversary
Awards are on Feb. 26
Taylor Swift's ex Conor Kennedy, 22, avoids jail time after pleading guilty to disorderly conduct in Aspen club brawl
He was arrested in the ski resort in December
Olympic gymnast Aly Raisman proudly shows off her athletic physique and incredible flexibility as she appears in the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue
Sporty chic! Bella Hadid keeps it casual in striped velour tracksuit as she heads to sister Gigi's apartment in NYC
She has been walking the runways of New York 
Make America bada** again! Kid Rock 'eyed up as Republican candidate' for Senate seat in home state of Michigan 
He's a big fan of Trump
Ready to rumble! Christina Hendricks wows in white ruffled blouse while promoting Fist Fight in New York
Making a statement with her knockout curves
Kelly Ripa looks downcast as she emerges after Regis Philbin revealed she was 'very offended' by his Live! departure and doesn't speak to him 
Engaged! Two And A Half Men star Melanie Lynskey announces she's engaged to John Ritter's son Jason
The divorced 39-year-old actress
'It starts with equal pay and goes to free the nipple': Harry Potter's Scarlett Byrne poses for shock nude Playboy shoot... as she pens feminist essay
'She kept me laughing': Joe Jonas spills on filming sex scene with Ashley Graham in THAT video and reveals his bandmate was so 'jealous' 
Someone's having more fun that Donald! Hillary Clinton has a ball at NYFW as she appears at Oscar de la Renta bash with Anna Wintour 
Looking very happy
Partying in style! Pregnant Beyonce dances up a storm at exclusive post-Grammy bash in low-cut white gown
The 35-year-old star
Champagne wishes! Teen Mom's Farrah Abraham sips pink bubbly while flaunting her generous curves on LA beach before date with on-again beau
The look of love: Miley Cyrus only has eyes for fianc&eacute; Liam Hemsworth as they step out for a romantic dinner
Relationship seems stronger than ever
Having a blast! Diane Keaton gets in adrenaline rush on roller coaster as she spends quality time with son Duke at Disneyland
The actress, 71
Miranda Hart to make London stage debut as Miss Hannigan in Annie despite hinting 'mystery illness forced her to pull out of Call The Midwife'
The 44-year-old actress
Diana's fashion legacy unveiled: Curators at Kensington Palace put the finishing touches to a new exhibition that will celebrate the princess' iconic style
'We had a blast' Kate Hudson reunites with ex-fianc&eacute; Matt Bellamy and his model girlfriend Elle Evans for family night out
The former couple 
Jessica Biel gets the giggles while shopping in New York City wearing skinny jeans
She'll be attending Oscars with husband Justin Timberlake
'It's been five years!': Giuliana Rancic celebrates cancer-free milestone as she says she's a 'strong chick' for getting through it
The 42-year-old blonde
'You were staying out late and I had enough': Fans speculate Selena Gomez's new song about a romance imploding because of partying is about Justin 
Are Gwyneth and Victoria to blame for rise in new moms seeking tummy tucks? Rates quadruple in 5 years as women opt for surgery to regain their figures
Ace! Tennis star Caroline Wozniacki returns to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue in a barely-there bikini top and cheeky thong bottoms
'It's positive and healthy ': Khloe Kardashian dishes on romance with Tristan Thompson and her 'normal routine' life with NBA player in Cleveland
'I'm a bad*** b****': Amy Poehler and Will Ferrell hit the jackpot in first trailer for the R-rated casino romp The House
The goofball duo
It really IS Love Actually: Liam Neeson reunites with his onscreen son Thomas Brodie-Sangster 13 years after movie's release 
Don't blame Tiffany! Designer Philipp Plein comes to the defense of Trump's youngest daughter after people refused to be near her at his show 
'I engagingly obliged!': Tom Hiddleston reveals he PEED on Tom Hollander after jellyfish sting... and admits he was picked on at Eton
Took drastic action
Picture purr-fect: Catwoman Jocelyn Wildenstein wraps herself in leather to celebrate Lloyd Klein's birthday hours after she was cleared of assault 
Costa chica! Kim Kardashian flaunts her famously peachy derriere in skimpy bikinis on sun-soaked break 
New Costa Rica pics
First books, now life coaching! Emma Watson spotted giving advice to fans for $2 via an iPad in New York's Grand Central station
The Harry Potter star, 26, 
Courteney Cox and Jessica Biel trace their surprising ancestry in ninth season of Who Do You Think You Are?
Former Friends star linked to British royalty
Ethereal Sienna Miller rocks underwear as outerwear in exquisite crochet gown as she leads the stars The Lost City of Z London premiere 
'Everyone I work with I am supposedly dating!' Ruth Wilson admits she finds it exasperating that any man she acts alongside gets linked to her romantically 
Sports Illustrated cover star Kate Upton keeps it demure in blouse and leather pants for promotional appearance in NYC 
She's been working hard
Sweet dreams! Behati Prinsloo cozies up to husband Adam Levine in bed as he recounts bizarre party night out for wild Maroon 5 music video Cold
Nicole Kidman CONFIRMS she was once engaged to rocker Lenny Kravitz as actress speaks about working with her former flame's daughter Zoe
Enjoy it while you can! Dad-to-be Liam Payne goes to a Drake concert before hitting a club... as fans speculate that his girlfriend Cheryl is due to give birth
Formula One driver Jenson Button's stunning girlfriend Brittny Ward flaunts her ample assets before posing fully nude in racy snaps
'Mood': Lottie Moss pokes fun at her elder sister Kate as she shares hilarious meme of the supermodel
Taking to Instagram, the stunning teen 
'What is your intention with her?': Corinne's nanny grills Nick Viall in teaser for The Bachelor hometown dates episode
Finally meet in Miami 
Tiffany's found someone to sit next to! Trump's daughter returns to the New York front row with friends after fashionistas boycotted her 
Mariah Carey suffers an embarrassing nip slip in a plunging lace top as she cozies up to Bryan Tanaka at LA Lakers basketball game
Eye-popping moment
Caught in a PDA! Shay Mitchell is seen sitting on the lap of rumored boyfriend Matte Babel while enjoying a romantic dinner in NYC
Pretty Little Liars actress 
Brutal! Gordon Ramsay posts a stream of hilarious tweets trashing food made by amateur cooks (but he's not nasty about everyone's efforts) 
New mom Katherine Heigl shows off her incredible post-baby body in slinky pink number as husband Josh Kelley carries their sleeping baby son
'He was immediately smitten': Jennifer Lopez's ex Marc Anthony, 48, is 'dating model Mariana Downing, 21,' as his divorce from fourth wife is finalized
Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's devastated sister says she died from a perforated ulcer NOT a brain tumor as coroner's report is revealed
Tennis star Eugenie Bouchard holds up her end of Super Bowl bet with the random fan who asked her for a date on Twitter if the Patriots won
Bella Thorne receives death threats from One Direction fans after commenting on Louis Tomlinson photo
Bombarded with hateful social media messages
'She got very offended': Regis Philbin reveals Kelly Ripa took his departure personally and explains they don't stay in contact
He left show in 2011
Actress Rachel McCord flaunts her impossibly flat stomach and toned legs in TINY bikini as she poses up a storm for art project
AnnaLynn's sister
Roman Polanski says he'll return to the US if court unseals documents proving he's served his jail time
Director has spent the past 40 years on the run 
Long-distance lovers Courteney Cox and Johnny McDaid look besotted as they reunite for a romantic dinner date
He lives in Ireland
Braless Paris Jackson shows off nipple rings as she enjoys girl's day out in LA before an altercation at a gas station
Loving the single life 
Silver siren! Gwen Stefani stuns in metallic mini dress with matching glittered shoes for appearance on The Tonight Show
Looked sensational
The happiest place on Earth! Ginnifer Goodwin looks gleeful as she and husband Josh Dallas enjoy yet ANOTHER fun-filled day at Disneyland
Couple are both 38
Ariel Winter goes back to casual after putting on a racy display in a see-through top for Valentine's Day
Modern Family star 19, went grocery shopping 
Pucker up! Rachel Zoe plants a sweet kiss on son Kaius, 3, lips as they enjoy a family dinner date 
The celebrity stylist, 45, enjoyed quality time 
Hair to stay! Camilla's indestructible locks fall perfectly back into place despite a gust of wind that would have other women scrambling for a brush
Fashion's ice queen as you've NEVER seen her before: Cameras catch notoriously frosty Vogue editor Anna Wintour laughing and even snacking on chocolate!
Shirtless Cristiano Ronaldo exhibits his bulging biceps and rock hard abs as he strips off for underwear campaign
The hunky Real Madrid soccer star, 32
Putting her best foot forward! Katy Perry flaunts her slim legs in ethereal new campaign images for her shoe collection
The pop star, 32
Sienna Miller looks chic in a navy gingham dress as she cozies up to co-star Robert Pattinson at Lost City of Z photocall in London
Made a cute pair
Holding down the homefront! Kourtney Kardashian takes children out on the West Coast as brother-in-law Kanye West debuts new collection
Newly unearthed TV interview shows Tara Palmer-Tomkinson confessing to a liking for hairy men and naming her butt as her favorite body part
The cheek of it! Make-up free Charlotte McKinney flashes her peachy posterior in skin-tight swimwear during casual day in Miami
Sheer delight! Christie Brinkley wears VERY thin sweater while out with daughters in NYC
The 63-year-old siren was out with her girls in the Big Apple 
Come Together! Paul McCartney reunites with former Beatles band-mate Ringo Starr and pal Tom Hanks for night out in Santa Monica
Dined at Giorgio Baldi .
Broadchurch season 3 used code names and watermarked scripts during production... and was so top secret not even the cast knew the plot
'A little shot of fireball gets a girl going!': RHOBH star Erika Jayne, 45, shows off fit figure in blue lingerie for very racy XXPEN$IVE music video
Daniel Craig wins his fight to keep an 80ft tree in grounds of his $5m London home despite neighbors' complaints it was damaging their properties 
George Clooney's model ex Lisa Snowdon takes the arm of businessman fianc&eacute; George Smart as they enjoy a romantic stroll around Paris
Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie pictured out in LA for the first time since former NHL star was accused of 'raping a woman at his home'
'It hasn't been the right timing for me': Emotional Heidi Montag on pregnancy hopes as she congratulates The Hills co-stars on their baby news
Welcome to the family! Nicola Peltz gets the Hadid family approval as she heads out in New York with boyfriend Anwar and his big sister Gigi
Top of the crops! Gorgeous Martha Hunt flashes cleavage and toned tummy at Michael Kors NYFW show
The stunning blonde model wowed fans
A model family! Real Housewife Teresa Giudice's daughter Milania walks the runway at Rookies New York Fashion Week show
Damian Lewis reveals spouse Helen McCrory is worried their children will speak with American accents... as he discusses the stress of doing TV dramas
'Those sleepless nights!': Matt Damon jokes about his close pal George Clooney's delayed start at parenting and becoming an old dad at 55
'So proud of my baby!' Kim Kardashian heaps praise on Kanye West as they head out after his 'amazing' New York Fashion Week show
Season five collection
Back again! Ashley Graham shows off her incredible curves in tiny bikinis as she returns to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue
Slinky swimwear 
Baby's first catwalk! Coco Austin and Ice-T help adorable daughter Chanel walk the runway at Rookie USA NY Fashion Week show
Coordinated their looks
Big night, Felicity? Sleepyhead Jones looks worlds away from her glamorous BAFTA appearance as she struggles to keep her eyes open in London
So in love! Matt Damon looks besotted with wife Luciana Barroso as he takes her to The Great Wall premiere in LA
One of the luckiest men around
Model family! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber upstaged by kids Kaia and Presley at NYC Marc Jacobs event
Teen daughter was the center of attention 
Starting to show! Ryan Lochte's fianc&eacute;e Kayla Rae Reid proudly displays growing baby bump in white crop top for mirror selfie
Proud mother 
Mariah Carey makes triumphant return to real-time TV on Jimmy Kimmel Live after NYE Times Square debacle 
She gave a passionate performance 
A model metabolism! Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner grab food from McDonald's as they head to another New York Fashion Week show
Ivanka joins Melania and Sara Netanyahu for press conference but leaves them alone to visit new Smithsonian African American history museum 
George Clooney, 55, is 'excited but nervous' about having twins with wife Amal Clooney, 39 
Like any first-time parent, George Clooney is understandably anxious 
Ashley Greene looks elegant in flowing split dress at Hollywood premiere of In Dubious Battle 
Stole the show in her super chic dress
Helen Mirren oozes sophistication in power suit and red lace camisole as she attends The Great Wall premiere with husband Taylor Hackford
Still strutting! Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid walk in their third NYFW show in one day as they join Taylor Hill on the Ralph Lauren catwalk 
Keeping busy 
DON'T MISS 
From crop tops to cocktail frocks! Coco Rocha goes to two shows back-to-back and manages to make a full outfit change with minutes to spare 
'She's a remarkable broadcaster and a real force': Matt Lauer heaps praise on NBC hire Megyn Kelly in rare interview but goes quiet about Ann Curry
Catherine Zeta-Jones turns on the glamour as she heads to LAX with Michael Douglas and their teenage daughter Carys
Always looks chic
Legs for days! Cameron Diaz shows off pencil thin stems in skintight jeans while out in Beverly Hills
Out and about looking smart casual 
Jessica Biel stuns in classy black lace dress as she sits front row at the Ralph Lauren NYFW show
The actress stole the show 
Fifty Shades Darker tops the Valentine's Day box office as R-rated erotic sequel earns $11 million 
Film fans were in the mood for love
Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off her super-fit physique in a bandeau bikini as she shares a steamy kiss with husband David in St. Barts
She's no plane Jane! Fresh-faced actress Elizabeth Hurley, 51, cuts a chic figure in all-black ensemble as she arrives at LAX
Spotted looking demure 
Bodacious in blue! Mariah Carey shows off curves in skintight mini dress as she arrives for first performance since NYE debacle
Hoping LA is kinder 
Justin Bieber 'named as suspect in assault investigation'... after video surfaced of him fighting man twice his size
Things got out of hand
Date night! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend glam up for another evening out together after Valentine's Day
The blissfully happy pair hit the town again
Like mother like daughter! Cindy Crawford and Kaia Gerber look supermodel chic as they get ready for NYFW
Left The Mercer Hotel
Leona Lewis dresses to impress in a striking scarlet dress and zany fur coat as she mingles with the fashion pack at Marc Jacobs beauty event in NYC 
Mel Gibson in talks to direct Suicide Squad sequel as Oscar nominee continues to enjoy career renaissance
The 61-year-old Aussie
They believe in Yeezy! Kylie Jenner wraps up as she takes Tyga to Kanye West's NYFW show
Pier 59 Studios played host to Kanye
Breathing in Morocco! Shanina Shaik smokes hookah and visits souk during exotic high fashion shoot in Marrakesh
In-demand model 
Katherine Heigl shows off newborn son Joshua Jr as she reveals John Mayer helped husband Josh Kelley get serious about their relationship
The blonde actress, 38
Her biggest fans! Charlotte McKinney flashes some skin as she celebrates her Ocean Drive cover with her parents in Miami
Looking stunning 
She's no shrinking violet! Kim Kardashian forgoes her bra in sheer purple outfit at Kanye's Yeezy Season 5 show in New York
It's a big day for Kimye
'We should have bashed each other!' Trainspotting's Danny Boyle says he and Ewan McGregor would have settled their feud earlier if they'd had a punch up
Harrison Ford is seen for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737 as FAA say the investiation will be delayed 
Boy George reveals he was having a drug-induced 'psychotic episode' when he kept a male escort prisoner in his London flat
The Culture Club singer 
'I was nervous about the fans': Bella Heathcote feared public reaction to her role as Christian Grey's ex in Fifty Shades Darker
The stunning actress
Brooke Shields, 51, shows off youthful glow and flawless complexion while taking in an off-Broadway show in New York City
Still rocks the red carpet 
Nick Cannon was 'shaken to his core' over treatment by NBC after race gag lead to him quitting America's Got Talent
'Punished for a joke'
'I've not seen my sister in EIGHT years': Mel B's estranged sibling Danielle Brown shoots down reports of a family reunion as long-running feud continues
Magnificent Melania: First Lady wears stunning skirt suit in her first official appearance at White House since Trump was sworn in as president
'Happy mom, happy life!': Mila Kunis wears statement top in LA as it's revealed she 'made out with' Ashton Kutcher during recent date night
Showed off her locks 
Sheer-ly amazing! Mandy Moore flashes her bra in Victorian-inspired lace at the Marchesa show during NYFW
Mixed vintage 
Porsche employee accused of joking about the crash that killed Paul Walker because it boosted the value of other 'rare' Carrera GTs cars
Heavenly! Olivia Culpo stands out in frilly ruched frock as she sits front row at Marchesa's NYFW runway show
Wore a white ruched dress
'How cute!' Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid deliver McDonald's feast to sister Kim Kardashian after Kanye's Yeezy 5 show
Treats for everyone 
A stressed-looking Kanye West heads to Yeezy Season Five presentation at New York Fashion Week... following 'disastrous' show last fall
Kendall Jenner didn't make Kanye's Yeezy 5 show because she was busy walking the runway for Anna Sui with pals Gigi and Bella Hadid
Stunning as always 
Kylie Jenner arrives LATE to Kanye's latest New York Fashion Week Yeezy 5 show as Khloe, Kourtney, Kendall and even Kris Jenner are absent
Patience! The REAL reason Guns N' Roses kept fans waiting at Melbourne gig - as Axl Rose's band mates begged him to hurry up
Notorious hellraiser 
Bootylicious! Jennifer Lopez posts very cheeky Valentine's day snap in a sexy red clinging two-piece
Gave her 58.7m followers a treat 
Lady Gaga 'gave her engagement ring back to Taylor Kinney' before going public with new beau Christian Carino
Two broke off their engagement in July
Hilary Duff and new beau Matthew Koma celebrated V-Day in Costa Rica... as her ex faces rape charges
Stayed at the lavish Four Seasons resort 
Susan Sarandon among the celebs enjoying S&amp;M-themed cabaret at risque New York nightclub The Box - as Pussy Riot yell 'f**k Trump, f**k Putin'
Publisher claims he has 75,000 word manuscript of Mick Jagger's autobiography written during the 1980s... but he doesn't remember writing it!
New 'do! Lea Michele shows off sleek shorter hair while out and about in LA after debuting it at Grammys
Looked on good form with her new hairstyle
'Lies! Lies!': Jessica Biel is shocked to hear about ancestors as she and Courteney Cox explore roots on Who Do You Think You Are?
Fascinating revelations 
Katherine Heigl looks slim in white blouse and jeans two months after welcoming son Joshua Jr. 
Was on The Late Late Show earlier in the week
Kate Upton keeps her voluptuous figure under wraps with a heavy coat as she plugs her latest Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue
Wowed on the street
'They walked in while I was pushing!': Jessa Duggar reveals her second home birth was so quick her mother and sister almost missed it happening
Pregnant Natalie Portman looks ready to pop as she goes for a hike with mother Shelley in Los Feliz
It'll be a second child for the 35-year-old actress
Specs appeal! Nicole Kidman rocks eyeglasses as she bundles up in puffer jacket on NYC set of Untouchable with Bryan Cranston
Rolling in the dough! Adele earned more than $620k EACH NIGHT on her hugely successful Live tour last year 
The Hello star is having another fine year 
Tamron Hall back at work shooting new season of Deadline Crime after hitting up the Super Bowl and Grammys after vacation following NBC exit
'I had $40 and an address!' Nina Agdal reveals she came to America with nothing but a modeling dream just six years ago
Victoria's Secret star
Strip club being sued by Joanna Krupa for using her picture in ads without permission hits back claiming she's too 'pretty' to work there
Club is the Pink Pony
'Never a rivalry like theirs': Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange get their claws out as Bette Davis and Joan Crawford in new trailer for FX's Feud
Wonderful in winter white! Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned legs as she heads to Kanye West's Yeezy 5 show
Best friends with Kendall Jenner for two years
'I'm even excited about being tired': Mahershala Ali scores THR cover and Oscar nominee discusses childhood 'melancholy' and pending fatherhood
Hollywood activist Shailene Woodley talks about 'inspiring' meeting with Malia Obama during a Dakota pipeline protest
Standing up for her belief
No jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio looks bright as she bares her toned tummy in a crop top at Sao Paulo airport
She proved she can look good anywhere, anytime
Social butterfly! Paris Hilton spring-time ready in a garden print dress at the Vivienne Tam show during NYFW
Was ready for spring on in New York
'Yet another breathtaking view': Oprah Winfrey and Reese Witherspoon explore New Zealand in between filming scenes for new Disney movie
She's 58, with four children already - one of whom she's lost custody of - so why WAS Madonna allowed to adopt these twins?
Growing family 
'They are at it again!': Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna have ANOTHER major fight as rumors of their split continue
All is not well 
Soldiering on! Kanye West turns out a camouflage-packed runway for Yeezy Season 5 at his first NYFW show since his breakdown
She sure shakes it up! Bella Thorne is spotted grabbing a healthy lunch with a mystery man in LA after being linked to Sam Pepper
The Shake It Up! actress 
What is her recipe? Domestic goddess Nigella Lawson, 57, looks remarkably wrinkle-free as she steps out in style for a night of revelry
Quick change artist: Blake Lively switches up her style for second show during New York Fashion Week
Went from flirty in floral to black and white
Breaking boundaries! Hijab-wearing model makes her runway debut at Kanye West's Yeezy Season 5 show during New York Fashion Week 
Courtney Stodden forgets about her broken marriage as she celebrates Valentine's Day with Heather Locklear's plastic surgeon ex Marc Mani
EXCLUSIVE: Star Trek actor William Shatner goes boldly into court demanding that a $170 million lawsuit by Florida radio DJ claiming to be his son be thrown out
Family affair! Lucky Blue Smith and his three stunning sisters star in new H&amp;M Coachella campaign playing as their band The Atomics
Model plays drums
'Curvy' model Hunter McGrady dedicates her nude Sports Illustrated spread to 'every woman who has ever felt uncomfortable in her body'
Critics demand Khloe Kardashian's Protein World Tube advert is scrapped by London subway system for 'body shaming' young women 
Hugh Jackman evacuated from the set of The Greatest Showman after fire breaks out
Was shooting the final scene of the new film
'Love of my life!': Rosario Dawson and comedian Eric Andre reveal they are dating in a series of sweet snaps on Valentine's Day
She's 37, he's 33
'You have to f***ing watch it': Lena Dunham understands why Taylor Swift did not speak up during election
The 30-year-old Girls star stood up for her pal
Revlon ambassador Gwen Stefani talks about 'choosing love' with Blake Shelton but says she spent Valentine's Day alone
The blonde singer
Giving us the shoulder! Orange Is The New Black star Laverne Cox dazzles in sexy black dress as she talks new CBS show Doubt
Looked very chic 
Clothing optional! Nicki Minaj poses topless on a bed as she jokes about her stripper past in latest naughty Instagram post
The 34-year-old singer
Gigi to the rescue! Hadid the model citizen lends a hand after woman is knocked over on New York sidewalk
Helped disentangle a sidewalk pileup 
Kesha submits damning emails in court case against 'abuser' Dr. Luke who slammed her for drinking Diet Coke and called her a 'fat f**king refrigerator'
'I'm open!' Susan Sarandon, 70, declares herself BISEXUAL as she reveals she would date a woman
The Thelma &amp; Louise star talked candidly 
All caught up! As fishnets become a staple on the runway and with stars like Kylie Jenner, FEMAIL reveals how to pull off the sexy knit in real life
Matt Damon reveals it took 12 hours and 700 extensions to get his long man bun for The Great Wall movie role
The 46-year-old says his kids 'loved' the look
Hilary Duff's ex-husband, former NHL star Mike Comrie is investigated by police for 'raping a woman at his condo in West Los Angeles'
Seven Year Switch husband storms away from his angry wife after she watches footage of him telling experimental spouse that he is ATTRACTED to her
'Life is about to get crazy!': Country star Thomas Rhett discovers wife is pregnant just as they adopt African baby
Revealed shock news on social media
Bethenny Frankel spends Valentine's Day with new man after revealing she's not serious with Dennis Shields... and still needs to 'heal' after divorce
Still feeling the love! Denzel Washington and wife of 33 years Pauletta have a ball at Los Angeles Lakers basketball game on Valentine's Day
Look away Keith! Nicole Kidman wraps her arms around Moonlight star Mahershala Ali as she talks first kiss in W magazine
John McCain gets Punk'd! Ashton Kutcher blows senator a KISS during Foreign Relations hearing as they give Obama and Biden a run for bromance money
Sofia Richie flashes her derriere in white thong bodysuit as she teases Kanye West's Yeezy 5 runway show
The 18-year-old teased her Instagram followers 
'Your girl fell in love with me': The Weeknd taunts Justin Bieber in new song as he continues to romance the Sorry singer's ex Selena Gomez
Karlie Kloss apologizes after backlash over 'culturally insensitive' Geisha-themed photo shoot in Vogue's issue that was meant to celebrate diversity
Models off duty! As NYFW comes to an end, FEMAIL highlights the most enviable street style outfits of Hailey Baldwin, Bella Hadid and more
EXCLUSIVE: 'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein stumbled heading to court where assault charges are dropped over brawl with boyfriend Lloyd Klein
'I have the utmost respect for her': Carlos Santana APOLOGIZES after claiming Beyonce is 'beautiful to look at but not a singer'
U-turn on his comments
Sienna Miller flashes her bra in sheer top as she helps launch clothes designer sister Savannah's bridal collection
The 35-year-old actress 
EXCLUSIVE: Never-before-seen pictures of secretly pregnant Marilyn Monroe, who confided Yves Montand was baby's father - not husband Arthur Miller
Jennifer Lopez, Rachel McAdams, and David Beckham star in stunning pictures for photographer Marc Hom's portrait book
The A-list lensman 
'No-one is safe!' Internet goes wild for memes of celebrities from Ivanka Trump to Emma Watson gazing longingly at Justin Trudeau
Sylvester Stallone's model daughter Sistine, 18, makes an elegant statement in a little navy dress as she attends Michael Kors' runway show at NYFW
Naked ambition! Gigi Hadid's younger sister Bella strips off her clothes to flash her chest in V Magazine after taking NYFW by storm
Charli XCX flashes her cleavage and abs in sheer crop top emblazoned with the words 'Sex Symbol' as she makes head-turning arrival at NME Awards
Red hot Selena Gomez showcases her incredibly toned legs and sculpted physique in sexy high-slit dress
The 24-year-old looked stunning in NYC
'I'm not a size two but I'm strong!': Serena Williams strips off her tennis skirt to look sensational in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue
Actress Celia Imrie reveals she was celebrating Bastille Day in Nice during last year's terrorist attack that left 84 dead, adding 'it was a miracle I survived' 
'It's important for my daughters to know that it's not real life.': Blake Lively says having little girls changed her view of how beauty is portrayed in the media
Bella Hadid dons lace bodysuit for Valentine's Day pizza dinner with Kaia and Presley Gerber in New York
The friends made quite the stylish group 
Looking good at 70! Rocky star Sylvester Stallone gets his enviably thick locks styled at salon... after 'brutal' Pilates session with daughter
Recording Academy boss Neil Portnow says Grammys don't have 'race problem' and claims Kanye skipped show due to 'medical concerns'
Braless Emily Ratajkowski shows off her perky assets and enviable abs in crop top with sexy secretary style skirt at Michael Kors NYFW show 
'Sassy!': Blac Chyna sizzles in sheer red dress which leaves little to the imagination in racy Instagram snap
Rob Kardashian's 28-year-old fianc&eacute;e 
'I was just so thrilled!' Transgender teen responds to Laverne Cox mentioning his upcoming Supreme Court bathroom policy case at Grammys 
Cops illegally searched the home of Sandra Bullock's stalker and now prosecutors won't be able to use guns seized at the house during trial
'I owe him everything!': Blake Lively looks flirty in floral as she praises Michael Kors while cheering on his fashion show with Anna Wintour
Sat front and center
Feeling blue? Singer Louisa Johnson shows off her new electric hair colour as she's unveiled as the face of L'Oreal's Colorista... in a VERY skimpy ensemble
Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber keep the romance alive with sweet Valentine's Day date in NYC after nearly 20 years of marriage
That's one supportive wife! Kim Kardashian post image where she's beaming at Kanye West hours before his Yeezy 5 show
The look of love
One last workout! Kim Kardashian hits the gym ahead of husband Kanye West's comeback show at New York Fashion Week 
Keeping body in shape
Kendall Jenner flaunts her figure in quirky black tasseled dress as she storms the runway with Bella Hadid and Ashley Graham at Michael Kors' NYFW show
Not runway ready! Model Sara Sampaio is makeup-free and wearing a dazzling blue coat as she heads to a show for New York Fashion Week
They could be sisters! Kate Upton, 24, joins forces with Christie Brinkley, 63, to plug Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue on Today
The blonde bombshells
'I went through every phase - too skinny, too fat!': Christie Brinkley, 63, appears on Today with daughters to talk body image
Beauty battled haters
Liv Tyler wraps up warm in a chic navy coat as she goes arm-in-arm with her fianc&eacute; Dave Gardner in Paris
The 39-year-old Hollywood actress
Her crown jewels! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks regally racy as she flaunts her ample chest in VERY revealing gown on the set of The Royals
Puppy love! Dancing With the Stars' Julianne Hough takes her pooch along as she goes for a hike with her mom in Los Angeles
Showed off her legs
'Classy way to put someone in their place!' Britney's fans go wild as she 'throws shade' at Katy Perry with Bible verse after singer's 'shaved head' comment 
Mika's moving on: Morning Joe co-host puts her New York mansion on sale for $2million after divorcing her husband after 22 years of marriage
'People push me into a corner... I'm no expert': Emma Watson reveals she fell into a 'sulk' after feminism backlash... and even struggled to get out of bed
Victoria's Secret model Josephine Skriver flaunts her impeccably toned abs and eye-popping cleavage in sizzling swimwear campaign
Singing Out Loud! Ed Sheeran leaves his CUTEST fan speechless after sneaking up behind him as he serenades Ellen DeGeneres with his song
Charm runs in the family! Pierce Brosnan's model son Dylan, 20 treats his pretty girlfriend to a romantic dinner date 
The Duchess of Cambridge's facialist reveals unlikely secrets behind Kate's red carpet glow - including chocolate spread and porridge oats
'Who thought a sociopath could be so popular?' Benedict Cumberbatch reveals his delight as Sherlock is voted the world's favorite BBC character 
Tara Palmer-Tomkinson died of a perforated ulcer: Devastated sister reveals did NOT have a brain tumor and 'had plans' for future
Fresh as a daisy! Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, flaunts her tiny waist in a floral dress as she joins glam co-star Susan Sarandon, 70, at Feud event in NYC
'I'm always looking for ways to help': Paris Hilton donates 50 items including a snowboard for auction benefiting two children's charities
The blonde socialite
'Stronger than ever': Larsa and Scottie Pippen pose in Valentine's Day family shot after 'halting divorce proceedings' 
Trying to work it out 
Showing her stripes! Queen Letizia of Spain looks demure in a ballet-length skirt and chic pinstripe blouse as she welcomes guests at her Madrid palace
Naomi Watts goes NAKED to play widowed child psychologist in creepy thriller Shut In... and becomes convinced a ghost has taken over her house
Model Winnie Harlow debuts new perm as she puts on a daring display in a racy bandeau co-ord set at fashion party in New York
Former ANTM contestant
'Love and peace to everyone!' Jonathan Rhys Meyers and fianc&eacute;e Mara Lane share FIRST image of baby son Wolf... two months after home birth
Third time's a charm! Bombshell Kate Upton poses topless on cover of 2017 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue after claims of 'diva' behavior
'I don't remember this': Lisa Rinna claims memory lapse when confronted by Kyle Richards in Mexico on RHOBH
The 53-year-old sobbed 
Ashley Graham shares nude snap from her Lane Bryan Collection photo shoot 
The 28-year-old is seen posing with her hands covering her breasts 
'Don't bother with the first episode as I'm not in it': Charlie Higson confirms season three of Broadchurch will return to TV screens later this month 
He's behind you! Prince Charles accidentally photobombs rock band Kasabian's guitarist on a visit to a country pub in western England
The 68-year-old royal
Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary pokes fun at the couple's 18 year age gap during romantic getaway amid bitter custody row 
Is that you Pansy Parkinson? Harry Potter actress Scarlett Byrne poses for Playboy magazine as she declares 'naked is normal'
Ruffling feathers? Make-up free Billie Piper opts for a low-key look as she faces off against a swan
The 34-year-old actress was out with her son
Fancy seeing you here! Guns N' Roses drummer Frank Ferrer takes part in an impromptu jam session at Brisbane bar with locals unaware of his fame
Kendall Jenner is the picture of glamour in chic suit and fur coat as she gets a new piercing at jewelry store in New York City after TV appearance
'Rest in peace, my love': Ricki Lake takes to Instagram to announce death of ex-husband Christian Evans
He had bipolar disorder
Thousands of floral tributes left in honor of George Michael outside his London home are cleared away in trash bags seven weeks after the singer's death
She's hot for romance! Ariel Winter dares to bare on with two racy ensembles and a provocative Instagram post
The 19-year-old actress
TV cook Prue Leith CONFIRMS she's up for Mary Berry's job on The Great British Bake Off... as it's revealed she had 13-year affair with hubby of mom's best friend 
Cheeky! Paris Hilton leaves little to the imagination in silver panel dress with completely sheer sides at The Blonds NYFW runway show
'She wasn't interested': Emma Watson accused of 'diva behavior' after arriving at ELLE Style Awards 90 minutes late and snubbing the red carpet
Madonna's fans are left feeling scared after 'sick' star posts 'evil looking' video of herself singing Valentine's song while recuperating in bed in her nightgown
'Bubbles!' Mariah Carey enjoys a sexy Valentine's Day dip in the hot tub with beau Bryan Tanaka
Flaunted her romance with her younger hunk
Chrissy Teigen shows off some major cleavage in a tiny lace bralet and smart suit as she joins husband John Legend for Valentine's date night
Together for seven years 
Babysitting A team! Kourtney Kardashian and Kris Jenner take North shopping while Kim and Kanye are in New York for Fashion Week
Bound 2 look sexy on Valentine's Day! Kim Kardashian puts on a busty display for romantic meal with Kanye West at NYC's Carbone restaurant
'Do I look like I wait?' Erika Girardi endorses sex on the first date during Valentine's Day appearance on Watch What Happens Live
The 45-year-old star 
Demi Lovato sizzles in cleavage-baring catsuit and gold dress in racy Snapchats
Singer performed in two alluring outfits which she shared on Snapchat 
Serena Williams loves her quirky Valentine's Day gift from 'techie' fianc&eacute; Alexis Ohanian
The Reddit co-founder chose some unusual for the tennis legend
That's a wrap! Oprah Winfrey, Reese Witherspoon and Mindy Kaling film upcoming Disney movie A Wrinkle In Time in New Zealand
Picturesque backdrop
'What the f***!' Kim Zolciack grabs a handful of husband Kroy's crotch in front of teen daughter Brielle
Real Housewife couldn't hide her affection
Beautiful in blue! Shailene Woodley looks stunning in a sheer dress on Late Night With Seth Meyers
The 25-year-old former child star
What's new pussycat? Tom's dating Priscilla! As ALISON BOSHOFF reveals, from paternity suits to plastic surgery, they share more than a love of Elvis 
It's a girl! Supergirl star Laura Benanti welcomes first child with husband Patrick Brown on Valentine's Day
Named her Ella Rose
REIDy to party! Tara looks a little bleary-eyed as she hits Tape nightclub with a gal pal after attending Drake's London gig
The 41-year-old actress
Nicole Murphy, 49, shows taut tummy in cropped T-shirt while picking up pet supplies with cute dog in Beverly Hills
Eddie Murphy's model ex
'Classy and fabulous!' Kendall Jenner is the quintessential Chanel girl as she wears a striking ensemble from the fashion house on the Tonight Show
Makeup-free Rita Ora shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure on Valentine's Day
The America's Next Top Model host
Tender moments! Gigi Hadid posts intimate photo with Zayn Malik announcing the two celebrate Valentine's Day 'everyday' 
Displayed her devotion 
Who wore it best? Miley Cyrus shares hilarious photoshopped picture of her and fiance Liam Hemsworth wearing the same dress on Valentine's Day
'It was f***ing terrifying!' Drew Barrymore 'almost died' suffering concussion during stunt for zombie series Santa Clarita Diet
Suffered a head injury
'Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?' Harrison Ford, 74, nearly crashes his plane AGAIN, this time into a Boeing 737 with 110 passengers on board 
Michael Phelps' glam wife Nicole Johnson flashes her long legs in a sequined gown as she cozies up to the Olympian at the Laureus World Sports Awards
Singing out loud! Ed Sheeran strums his acoustic guitar as he spends Valentine's Day with James Corden filming Carpool Karaoke in Los Angeles
'She's unbelievable': Adam Levine gushes over baby daughter Dusty on The Ellen DeGeneres Show
The Voice coach is completely besotted
'She's just perfect like that': Kendall Jenner gushes about Sienna Miller after shooting her Love mag cover
Pursuing her interest in photography
First baby photo! Maksim Chmerkovskiy finally shares image of baby Shai alongside Peta Murgatroyd in Valentine's Day post
Couldn't get any sweeter
David Beckham posts Valentine's Day note to wife Victoria and their 'amazing family' on Instagram
Putting recent problems behind them
Sarah Jessica Parker shows off her quirky style at the Narciso Rodriguez collection during New York Fashion Week
Individual style
A sheer delight! Taraji P. Henson sizzles in tight dress at M.A.C. Viva Glam event with Jessie Smollett
Slipped into an intricately designed black dress
Love in the air! Kylie Jenner and Tyga step out for some Valentine's Day cuddles high above the skyline in NYC
Continued to flaunt her affection for boyfriend
Kanye West's runway stylist Christine Centenera spends part of Valentine's Day with Kim Kardashian's hubby and his crew ahead of his NYFW show
Long hair, don't care! Oscar-winning actor Adrien Brody grabs lunch at swanky Hollywood eatery
The 43-year-old Oscar-winner for The Pianist 
Sofia Vergara tries to permanently block ex-fiance Nick Loeb from taking control of her frozen embryos after he wages legal war to gain parental rights
Curves ahead! Bella Hadid flashes side-boob in slinky LBD as she struts the runway for the Brandon Maxwell NYFW show
Enviable body
Going solo! Caitlyn Jenner looks effortlessly polished as she goes for a coffee run on Valentine's Day
She is a regular at the Starbucks in Malibu
Biker chic! Jennifer Hudson rocks denim and leather as she returns to LA after Clive Davis' Pre-Grammys party
35-year-old songstress
'It was magnificent': Grammy president heaps praise on Adele's George Michael tribute ...and insists tech difficulties were NOT behind restart
Bombshell in blue! Paris Hilton bares cleavage in off-the-shoulder dress at Chiara Boni La Petite Robe NYFW show
She was a standout
Sienna Miller flashes her nipples in a sheer bodice dress as she cozies up to Robert Pattinson and Charlie Hunnam at The Lost City Of Z premiere in Berlin 
'I got no Valentine!' Justin Bieber shares mournful videos on Instagram as he spends most romantic day of the year alone
He doesn't have a date
Reunited! Naomi Watts cuts a chic figure in strapless gown at Zac Posen NYFW show as she embraces About Ray costar Susan Sarandon
She doesn't need the support! Kim Kardashian goes bra-free in sassy blazer dress as she flashes her lean legs day before Kanye's show
Sports Illustrated model Hannah Jeter debuts baby bump as she reveals she wants a 'team' of kids with baseball star husband Derek 
It's Heisenberg meets hilarity! Bryan Cranston and Kevin Hart film new movie Untouchable in NYC
The film is a remake of a French hit
Fresh-faced and fab! Toni Garrn goes makeup-free as she bundles up for a jaunt in Manhattan
She was dressed-down for the outing
'Stealing hearts': Kris Jenner cradles baby granddaughter Dream ...as Blac Chyna picks up Valentine's Day flowers
Her heart belongs to her littlest family member
Kristen Stewart and girlfriend Stella Maxwell both rock ripped black jeans for casual Valentine's Day outing
They have been inseparable recently
Reunited! Sophie Turner shows off her stunning figure in athletic gear as she spends Valentine's Day with beau Joe Jonas in LA
White hot! Doutzen Kroes stuns on the red carpet as she leads the celebrities at the Moncler Grenoble show for New York Fashion Week
Ashley Graham looks like a sexy collegiate as she flashes her tummy and rocks leather pants at Coach during NYFW
Put her famous curves on display
No shrinking violet! Kesha nearly spills out of unbuttoned blouse and head-to-toe purple outfit at LAX
Eye-catching style statement
Sarah Paulson cast in fourth season of American Crime Story about Lewinsky scandal ...but she's not playing Hillary
New role
'Everyday is Valentine's Day': Lauren Bushnell and Ben Higgins cozy up as she shows off her gifts on Instagram
They are still going strong
Bodacious! Keanu Reeves reveals the third installment of Nineties cult hit Bill &amp; Ted is ALMOST here
Being held up by the 'business' side of things
'We're done!' Britney Spears gets accused of cheating and then brutally dumped by Justin Timberlake in new sneak peek of the Lifetime biopic
'It will definitely happen': Heartthrob Niall Horan CONFIRMS One Direction reunion is set to go ahead despite the band embracing solo careers
'F*** it, we're married!': Golnesa 'GG' Gharachedaghi from Shahs Of Sunset reveals she wed Shalom on spur-of-moment
Valentine's Day video 
EXCLUSIVE: Josh Elliott was fired after Scott Pelley and Charlie Rose told network they were unhappy with his promotion
He was let go
'I cannot believe it!': Khloe Kardashian and Tristan Thompson have custom Snapchat filter in honor of Valentine's Day
Custom designed
Ariel Winter reveals her curves in skimpy two-piece... after sharing racy thong bikini throwback as she celebrates Valentine's Day
Tyga's ex Demi Rose goes completely NAKED as she enjoys bubble bath in sultry solo Valentine's post... after revealing plans to move to America
Biker chic! Lily-Rose Depp plays it cool on laid back outing in New York
The daughter of Johnny Depp wore a pair of classic denim jeans and a chic leather jacket
Hey big spender! Selena Gomez sits front row at Coach just days after shelling out $30k for boyfriend The Weeknd's birthday
Spending top dollar
'I never get to pick the movies!' Mark Wahlberg is forced to watch Fifty Shades Darker on Valentine's Day by his wife Rhea
She wears the trousers
Fire and ice! Hilaria Baldwin heats up freezing New York as she goes jogging in skin-tights leggings in the snow
Wrapped up warm
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange opens up about relationship with Pamela Anderson calling her 'attractive' and 'an impressive figure'
'I said I was taking her to see two of the most romantic cities'! Dave Gardner has 'best Valentines ever' with fiancee Liv Tyler at football match
And action! Claire Danes films explosive scene with Rupert Friend for Homeland
The 37-year-old actress was spotted in Long Island
Amanda Bynes's parents insist Twitter engagement claims are false as 'fake' account announces she's pregnant too
Former child star
A sweet turnaround! Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie returns to school to hand out Valentine's candy... NINE DAYS after ATV crash
Pregnant Amanda Seyfried tries to conceal her baby bump in a black and white mini dress on a Valentine's Day shopping trip in Hollywood
'I just started to quiver': Woman claims hardship in lawsuit against Howard Stern after shock jock broadcast her personal information on air
Romantic Weeknd! Selena Gomez and her new beau pack on the PDA aboard luxury yacht ahead of Valentine's Day
Caught canoodling in LA
Bikini babes! The ladies of The Bold And The Beautiful strip down to their swimwear as they jump in a jet boat and film scenes on Sydney Harbour
'They are already getting serious': Newly-slim Chris Moyles 'has been dating LA beauty Tiffany Austin in secret for 18 months'
Pictured looking cosy
The Bold And The Beautiful stars film a wedding scene in front of Sydney Harbour... amid rumors there will be a brawl during the reception scene
Nick Cannon confirms he WON'T be back as host of America's Got Talent after criticizing producers and NBC
He'd previously hinted that he planned to quit
Heartbroken Hadid! Bella cuts a lone figure on Valentine's Day after photos of her ex The Weeknd kissing Selena Gomez on a yacht surface
'I'm very excited to be back with them!' Robbie Williams finally confirms he will reunite with Take That on Let It Shine as he joins as guest judge 
Regrouping
Elle King reveals she was 'high' at the Grammys after eating 'a bunch of pot muffins' before red carpet 
The 27-year-old admitted she was 'really stoned'
Pregnant Laura Prepon flashes her bump and engagement ring while flying into LAX
The Orange Is the New Black star, who turns 37 next month
Mandy Moore dons plaid bustier dress at NYFW... after Twitter rant at JetBlue for losing her luggage
The 32-year-old finally got her bag back
Drake dines with model twins whose name he has tattooed on his arm... as he rings in Valentine's Day in London without 'ex' Jennifer Lopez
Explained - Hugh Jackman's cancer: As the Wolverine star reveals sixth operation to remove dangerous skin patch, we explain the dangers... 
Tom Brady says visiting the White House to celebrate Super Bowl win is 'not political but a privilege' as teammate James White debates whether to attend 
'I'm proud': Country singer RaeLynn reveals her husband has enlisted in the military and is already at basic training
Former Voice contestant 
Solo on Valentine's Day! Drew Barrymore, 41, enjoys a glass of wine at fashion event nearly one year after splitting from Will Kopelman
Get romantic! To celebrate Valentine's Day FEMAIL chats with supermodel-turned-lingerie designer Heidi Klum on how to spice up your night
American designer Dennis Basso presents luxurious fall collection with a star-studded front row during New York Fashion Week
Exquisite line
Today's headlines 
Most Read 
Donald in denial: My White House is a 'fine-tuned machine' (and if you hear anything to the contrary it's... 
Trump's choice to replace fired Mike Flynn TURNS HIM DOWN as national security advisor position remains... 
'This is what it's like to be with Trump': President 'made' Gov. Chris Christie eat meatloaf during lunch at... 
&lsquo;Here's another beauty&rsquo;: Donald Trump has a dig at the BBC again in heated back-and-forth with &lsquo;impartial... 
Trump says the greatest thing he could do politically would be to shoot the Russian spy ship that off the... 
'He's been invited several times': Live With Kelly executive says Regis Philbin WAS asked to be a guest... 
Mark Zuckerberg's plan to save the world: Facebook founder reveals his vision to 'bring us together in a... 
'Pick me up daddy, pick me up': Child cries for his father in agonising video after his legs were blown off... 
The extreme, dangerous and absurd diets of Hollywood&rsquo;s elite: How the biggest stars of the 20th century... 
Gwyneth Paltrow versus medicine once again: Doctors slam 'dangerous nonsense' from the actress's GHOST... 
EXCLUSIVE: 'Malissa is throwing my son under the bus to save her own skin.' Former husband and father of... 
'I saw darkness in his eyes': Elizabeth Smart speaks to female Utah State University student who was raped... 
NY Jets cornerback Darrelle Revis, 31, investigated by police on possible robbery and assault charges after... 
Women caught with 42lbs of horse meat including the animals' genitals hidden in juice boxes after flying... 
'Is the media reporting unfairly?' Donald Trump sends 'accountability survey' to his fans asking them to... 
'Very insulting question': Trump in bizarre rant at Jewish journalist who asks about anti-Semitism after... 
Trump claims he got biggest electoral college win since Reagan - then folds within minutes when 'dishonest'... 
Trump v 'fake news' CNN: the rematch. President spars with its White House correspondent - then rebrands it... 
Melania WILL be moving into the White House says her husband - as he says she has been maligned (but adds... 
Black Democratic congressman says Trump 'made up' story about him canceling White House meeting because... 
The boy whose awesome story reveals why Trump triumphed: How his grandmother's love helped him escape... 
Disgraced Trump national security adviser escapes charges for changing his story to the FBI - but agency is... 
Six Trump aides marched out of the White House for FAILING national security background check that asks... 
'Ask dad to resign before he ruins the planet': Seth Rogen messages Donald Trump Jr on Twitter asking him to... 
Trump says media 'makes up' sources after Wall Street Journal claims his intelligence briefers are purposely... 
Trump appoints his first Hispanic cabinet member as Alex Acosta gets labor slot left vacant after nominee's... 
Make America bada** again! Kid Rock &lsquo;eyed up as Republican candidate&rsquo; for Senate seat in home state of... 
Ivanka takes inspiration from Kate, William and George with an adorable photo of her son Joseph gazing at a... 
EXCLUSIVE: Now she tells us! Fashion editor who posted the picture of Tiffany Trump calling out the 'empty... 
MORE HEADLINES 
Donald in denial: My White House is a 'fine-tuned machine' (and if you hear anything to the contrary it's just fake news from the lying media fed by lowlife leakers in the intelligence community)
Plumber is propositioned by a lingerie-clad actress unaware his girlfriend is watching on&hellip; but would he be tempted to stray? 
The hotel where YOU decide the view: Rotating Dubai skyscraper to be built in 2020 allows guests to swivel their rooms 360 degrees 
EXCLUSIVE: The Fresh Prince of Hidden Hills! Jaden Smith, 18, has moved out of Will and Jada's compound into $4 million mansion and neighbors say he's already turned the quiet gated community into his 'own personal kingdom'
Pervert, 33, admits possessing huge haul of extreme child and animal porn police officer described as 'the worst he's ever seen' 
Melania WILL be moving into the White House says her husband - as he says she has been maligned (but adds she'll be working with Ivanka) 
Trump v 'fake news' CNN: the rematch. President spars with its White House correspondent - then rebrands it 'VERY fake news'
The extreme, dangerous and absurd diets of Hollywood&rsquo;s elite: How the biggest stars of the 20th century ingested tapeworm, ate raw eggs and gorged on 8,000-calorie sandwiches
Boy, 15, shoots his mom's abusive boyfriend dead after the man threatened her with a knife and said he'd drive her to suicide. Now the child is charged with first-degree MURDER 
EXCLUSIVE: Now she tells us! Fashion editor who posted the picture of Tiffany Trump calling out the 'empty seats' beside her BACKPEDALS after brouhaha saying 'sometimes a picture doesn't tell the whole story'
Don't blame Tiffany! Designer Philipp Plein comes to the defense of Trump's youngest daughter after people refused to be near her at his show as Whoopi Goldberg says she will sit with her 'because nobody's talking politics' 
Pictured in cuffs: &lsquo;Assassin who poisoned North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's brother' as it emerges she 'had a cross-dressing accomplice'
Han Yolo! Harrison Ford, 74, gets back in the cockpit of a JET just three days after he nearly crashed his plane into a Boeing 737
Now Domino's staff are seen piling a shopping trolley full of raw chicken wings and coleslaw from ALDI a week after buying &pound;1 wedges from ASDA (so what DO they make themselves?) 
Trump claims he got biggest electoral college win since Reagan - then folds within minutes when 'dishonest' reporter tells him he was wrong (and blames an underling) 
Syrian asylum seeker is jailed for life in Sweden after horrifying footage emerged of him taking part in the execution of seven men in 2012
Tennis star Eugenie Bouchard holds up her end of Super Bowl bet with the random fan who asked her for a date on Twitter if the Patriots won
Thanks for the sympathy! Fearless woman can't stop laughing as her terrified boyfriend passes out TWICE on a scary 200-ft Sky Swing fair ride
Student who recorded his professor describing Trump's election win as 'an act of terrorism' is SUSPENDED by Californian college and told to write an apology for sharing the video online
Hillary takes New York fashion week! Clinton joins Anna Wintour at Oscar de la Renta event after receiving a standing ovation at Broadway show 
Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey says social media patterns suggest America could be on brink of its own Arab Spring-style political meltdown
&lsquo;Here's another beauty&rsquo;: Donald Trump has a dig at the BBC again in heated back-and-forth with &lsquo;impartial free and fair&rsquo; reporter during White House press conference 
'Pick me up daddy, pick me up': Child cries for his father in agonising video after his legs were blown off at the knees in barrel bomb strike in Idlib 
Top Gunski! Moscow releases video of its latest fighter jet boasting it can destroy the best that Britain and America have to offer
Ivanka takes inspiration from Kate, William and George with an adorable photo of her son Joseph gazing at a butterfly 
Picture purr-fect: Catwoman Jocelyn Wildenstein wraps herself in leather to celebrate Lloyd Klein's birthday and rekindle their romance hours after she was cleared of assaulting the designer 
Trump's choice to replace fired Mike Flynn TURNS HIM DOWN as national security advisor position remains vacant for now
'She was tired of fighting and just wanted to go to sleep': Sister's tribute to mother who burnt herself to death on a beach after leaving a chocolate Valentine's gift for her five children 
Black Democratic congressman says Trump 'made up' story about him canceling White House meeting because Chuck Schumer told him to
MOST READ IN DETAIL 
From the Makers of Candy Crush 
Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! 
more 
SHARE PICTURE
Copy link to paste in your message 
Back to top 
Home 
U.K. 
News 
Sports 
U.S. Showbiz 
Australia 
Femail 
Health 
Science 
Money 
Video 
Travel 
Columnists 
Sitemap 
Archive 
Video Archive 
Topics Index 
Mobile Apps 
Screensaver 
RSS 
Text-based site 
Reader Prints 
Our Papers 
Top of page 
Daily Mail 
Mail on	Sunday 
This is Network 
This is Money 
Metro 
Jobsite 
Mail Travel 
Zoopla.co.uk 
Prime Location 
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd 
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday &amp; Metro Media Group 
&copy; Associated Newspapers Ltd 
Contact us 
How to complain 
Advertise with us 
Contributors 
Work with Us 
Terms 
Privacy policy & cookies