Five Easy Photo Improving Tricks Anyone Can Do          
lifehacker Deadspin Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root           Video index Skillet Two Cents Vitals App directory Gear                        Five Easy Photo Improving Tricks Anyone Can Do   Patrick Allan 1/29/17 4:00pm Filed to: Photography   field photography Digital Photography pictures photos videos    27  10   Edit  Promote  Share to Kinja  Toggle Conversation tools  Go to permalink     Taking great photos doesn’t necessarily require tons of training and nice equipment. You can improve all of your photos with just a few tweaks to the way you shoot. 
Advertisement 
In this video, YouTuber and professional photographer Peter McKinnon shares the five easiest things you can do to improve the quality of your photos: Use angles: Take 10 extra seconds before you shoot to think about the best perspective for your subject. Move around a little and find an angle that looks more interesting that straight-on. Shoot through: Shoot your subject through a group of people, some foliage, or dangle something in front of the lens. Give the photo a little more depth and complexity. Think opposite: If everybody is taking photos from the same spot at the same angle, try something different. Shoot the subject from the other side, from up close, upside down, at a weird angle, etc. Find the light: Lighting is super important, so take some extra time to find the best light for your shot. Don’t settle. If the light isn’t good enough, consider coming back at a time when it is, or try to add your own. And never forget about golden hour. Framing: Use objects, people, and whatever else you can find to frame your subject and tell a story. Framing creates a more interesting dynamic and gives the photo atmosphere. A lot of this can be boiled to down to thinking before you shoot, but not many people realize how little is required to turn a boring shot into something eye-catching. It can be fun to fire off tons of point-and-shoot snapshots, but just a tiny amount of prep time can drastically improve almost every single photo. 
Improve Your Photography Skills With This 52 Week Photo Challenge 
Improve Your Photography Skills With This 52 Week Photo Challenge 
Improve Your Photography Skills With This 52 Week…
Challenges are a fun way to help improve your skills in a particular area. If you want to get… 
Read more Read more 
5 tips to INSTANTLY up your PHOTO GAME | YouTube   Patrick Allan  patrick.allan@lifehacker.com  @mr_patrickallan Staff Writer, Lifehacker.com     Reply 27 replies Leave a reply      
You may also like                 Deals Amazon&apos;s Slashing Prices on H&amp;R Block Tax Software, Today Only 2/06/17 5:31am    Lifehacker The Hard Drives Most (and Least) Likely to Fail, According to Backblaze 1/31/17 12:30pm    Deals Tackle Your Next Project With This 118-Piece DEWALT Tool Set, Cheaper Than Ever Today Only 2/08/17 5:49am        Recent from Patrick Allan   3  4  4.4K    Lifehacker &middot; Patrick Allan Get Over Your Phone Anxiety With &quot;Cognitive Restructuring&quot; and Concrete Goals Today 4:00pm   1  10  6.5K    Lifehacker &middot; Patrick Allan Two Easy Ways to Quickly Cool Down a Hot Drink Today 3:00pm   3  17  16.3K    Lifehacker &middot; Patrick Allan Get to Bed Earlier by Making a Deal With Yourself Today 2:30pm        Share   Tweet  
About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Lifehacker Store  Redirecting to the Lifehacker store in    Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue  Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS  &copy;2017 Gizmodo Media Group      Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.