Merkel: Terror Fight Does Not Justify Trump Immigration Ban - NBC News 
Sections  
Nightly News 
MSNBC 
Meet the Press 
Dateline 
Today 
Search 
Search 
Share on Facebook 
Share on Twitter 
Email page link 
Secondary Navigation 
Sections 
U.S. 
World 
Local 
Politics 
Investigations 
Health 
Mach 
Tech 
Science 
BETTER 
Pop Culture 
Lifestyle 
Business 
Weather 
Sports 
Latino 
Asian America 
NBCBLK 
NBC OUT 
Top Ongoing 
ISIS Terror 
Robert Durst 
TV 
Nightly News 
Meet The Press 
Dateline 
Today 
Featured 
NBC News VR 
Your Business 
Inspiring America 
NBCBLK28 
Multimedia 
Video 
Photo 
More From NBC 
Sports 
CNBC 
MSNBC.com 
NBC.com 
NBC Learn 
Re/Code 
Peacock Productions 
Next Steps for Vets 
Parent Toolkit 
NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on
Feedback 
advertisement 
advertisement 
News 
U.S. news
World 
Investigations 
Crime &amp; Courts 
Asian America 
Latino 
NBCBLK 
News 
Jan 29 2017, 7:00 am ET 
Merkel: Terror Fight Does Not Justify Trump Immigration Ban 
by Chloe Hubbard   and Associated Press 
Share 
Share 
Tweet 
Share 
Comment 
Email 
Print 
advertisement 
CLEMENS BILAN / EPA 
German chancellor Angela Merkel is the latest world leader to wade in on Donald Trump's travel ban , saying the fight against terrorism does not justify putting large populations or religions under automatic suspicion. 
A spokesman for Merkel, who welcomed over one million refugees into Germany at the height of the European migrant crisis, said Sunday she believes Trump's executive order which suspends the entry of travelers from seven Muslim countries and bans refugees is wrong. 
Germany's dpa news agency quoted Merkel's spokesman Steffen Seibert saying that &quot;she is convinced that even the necessary, resolute fight against terrorism doesn't justify putting people of a particular origin or particular faith under general suspicion.&quot; 
Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world - a horrible mess! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 29, 2017 
Merkel, whose country was recently the victim of a terror attack when a Tunisian asylum seeker rammed a truck into a Berlin Christmas market , spoke by phone with Trump Saturday for the first time since his inauguration. 
&quot;The chancellor regrets the U.S. entry ban against refugees and citizens from several countries,&quot; Seibert said, adding that Merkel had expressed her concerns to Trump during the phone call. 
She also reminded him that the Geneva Conventions require the international community to take in war refugees on humanitarian grounds, Seibert said. 
Trump holds hands with British Prime Minister Theresa May as they walk the colonnade of the White House. POOL/EPA/REX/Shutterstock / Shutterstock 
He said the German government would now review the consequences of the ban for German citizens with dual nationalities and would &quot;represent their interests, if needed, vis-a-vis our U.S. partners.&quot; 
Her comments follow those of British Prime Minister Theresa May, who personally met Trump just hours before he made the order. 
Her official spokesman said Sunday that May does &quot;not agree&quot; with Trump's order and will challenge the U.S. government if it has an adverse effect on British nationals. 
The official comment came after May refused to condemn the ban during a visit to Turkey to meet with Turkish leaders. She said in Turkey the decision was a matter solely for the United States. 
Who is affected by Trump's executive order? 
Citizens of seven Muslim-majority nations - Iraq, Iran, Syria, Somalia, Sudan, Libya and Yemen will be prohibited from entering the U.S. for 90 days. Green card holders from any of those countries currently outside of the U.S. will need to report to a local U.S. consulate for &quot;extra vetting,&quot; and admitted or rejected on a case-by-case basis, according to administration officials. Refugees seeking asylum in the U.S.: All refugees will be banned from entering the country for 120 days. Refugees from Syria will be banned indefinitely. Anyone with U.S. citizenship will not be affected. 
Chloe Hubbard 
Email 
Associated Press 
Contributors 
Reuters 
Topics U.S. news , Mideast , World 
First Published Jan 29 2017, 7:00 am ET 
Next Story 
Robert Harward Turns Down Offer to Become President Trump&#x27;s National Security Adviser 
advertisement 
advertisement 
advertisement 
About Us 
Careers 
Contact 
Privacy Policy
New 
Terms of Service 
nbcnews.com Site Map 
Advertise 
AdChoices 
&copy; 2017 NBCnews.com