Orlando, Miami and Tampa in different stages of MLS expansion - Orlando Sentinel 
Get alerts for the latest Magic, Knights, Gators, Seminoles and soccer news  
Sports 
Orlando City Soccer 
Orlando, Miami and Tampa in different stages of MLS expansion 
FBL-USA-MLS-ENG-BECKHAM-MIAMI  ALEXIA FODERE / AFP/Getty Images  Despite strong support, former soccer star David Beckham, center, has struggled to help launch an MLS team in Miami.  Despite strong support, former soccer star David Beckham, center, has struggled to help launch an MLS team in Miami. (ALEXIA FODERE / AFP/Getty Images)    
Alicia DelGallo  Contact Reporter  
A quick Google search of keywords like “ MLS bid” or “MLS expansion” brings up pages of articles about various cities vying for a Major League Soccer franchise. It also shows headlines such as “Charlotte’s MLS bid in limbo” or “St. Louis’ bid for soccer team back in play.” 
While it seems nearly every major city without a top-tier soccer team wants to land a spot in the league, the path to meeting MLS’ requirements and fully realizing a franchise can be filled with dead ends, political push back, financial snags and unforeseen diversions. Orlando navigated those setbacks fairly quickly. About 16 months after MLS commissioner Don Garber awarded Orlando City an MLS franchise in November 2013, the Lions played their inaugural game against NYCFC in Camping World Stadium (then the Citrus Bowl). 
Now entering its third season, Orlando City is a model of success as competition to join the league spikes and markets across the country, including Miami and Tampa Bay, vie to become MLS ready. 
Caption    Orlando City players say Montverde Academy provides competitive scrimmage   Orlando City forward Hadji Barry and midfielder Richie Laryea talk about the talent of Montverde Academy soccer players after facing the private area boarding and high school in a training scrimmage Saturday.   Orlando City forward Hadji Barry and midfielder Richie Laryea talk about the talent of Montverde Academy soccer players after facing the private area boarding and high school in a training scrimmage Saturday.     
Caption    Orlando City players say Montverde Academy provides competitive scrimmage   Orlando City forward Hadji Barry and midfielder Richie Laryea talk about the talent of Montverde Academy soccer players after facing the private area boarding and high school in a training scrimmage Saturday.   Orlando City forward Hadji Barry and midfielder Richie Laryea talk about the talent of Montverde Academy soccer players after facing the private area boarding and high school in a training scrimmage Saturday.                   Caption    Jason Kreis pleased with Orlando City's scrimmage vs Philadelphia   Orlando City coach Jason Kreis said he saw some progress during the team's preseason scrimmage against the Philadelphia Union, which the Lions won 3-2.   Orlando City coach Jason Kreis said he saw some progress during the team's preseason scrimmage against the Philadelphia Union, which the Lions won 3-2.                   Caption    Orlando City goalkeeper coach Tim Mulqueen adjusting well to new job   Orlando City goalkeeper coach Tim Mulqueen, who was hired in January to replace Stewart Kerr, says he is enjoying his new job and fits in well with the rest of the coaching staff.   Orlando City goalkeeper coach Tim Mulqueen, who was hired in January to replace Stewart Kerr, says he is enjoying his new job and fits in well with the rest of the coaching staff.                   Caption    Brek Shea ready and eager to prove himself with Orlando City in 2017   Orlando City midfielder Brek Shea says he feels better than he has in a long time a team the start of the 2017 MLS season. He is ready to put last year's shortcomings behind him.   Orlando City midfielder Brek Shea says he feels better than he has in a long time a team the start of the 2017 MLS season. He is ready to put last year's shortcomings behind him.                   Caption    Orlando City acquires former NYCFC goalkeeper Josh Saunders   Less than 24 hours after trading backup goalkeeper Patrick McLain to Minnesota, Orlando City replaced him with New York City FC’s Josh Saunders.   Less than 24 hours after trading backup goalkeeper Patrick McLain to Minnesota, Orlando City replaced him with New York City FC’s Josh Saunders.     
“Orlando has exceeded all expectations,” Garber said of the club and market shortly after announcing a timeline for expansion in December. This new growth will eventually will bring the league to 28 teams. Minnesota United FC and Atlanta United FC begin play this year for a total of 22 teams. Los Angeles FC will take the field in 2018. Miami, backed by David Beckham’s ownership group, was supposed to enter at the same time as LAFC as team No. 24, but there have been three failed stadium sites since announcing the franchise in 2014 and now Miami Beckham United group is stalled trying to secure additional equity partners. 
Meanwhile, Garber’s Jan. 31 deadline for others to submit expansion applications is two days away. Cities with ownership groups that have publicly expressed interest include Charlotte, Cincinnati, Detroit, Nashville, Raleigh/Durham, Sacramento, St. Louis, San Antonio, San Diego, Tampa/St. Petersburg and, recently, Phoenix. They must provide a business plan with projections, commitment letters for naming rights, potential sponsors, an overview of community support, an outline of the ownership structure and plans for a soccer-specific stadium, according to Garber. The plan is to select the next two expansion teams by the end of 2017, have them start playing by 2020 and then craft a timeline for the final expansion round of teams No. 27 and 28. “We need to resolve the Miami situation so we can go forward with our expansion plans and 25 through 28,” Garber said. “And if they're not going to be 24, then there are going to be things that need to move around.” Orlando’s pitch When first approached with the idea of bringing a MLS team to Orlando, Mayor Buddy Dyer thought it made business sense. The City of Orlando only had one professional sports team at the time, the NBA ’s Orlando Magic. But, he was more of a baseball and football kind of guy. It took the vision and enthusiasm of Orlando City founder Phil Rawlins to make Dyer a true believer that the beautiful game could thrive in the City Beautiful. “When Orlando City came to us and said, ‘We have a window of time, a window of opportunity that we need to make an MLS franchise happen,’ we all got together and worked off the same page,” Dyer said. “I think we have a good history of working together in partnership and collaboration, and we’ve cultivated that through the course of the last decade, whether it was working to bring the UCF medical school here, SunRail, the original community venues agreement... So we’ve kind of got this template where we bring the tourism community, we bring the development community and local governments together.” Those partnerships helped when Orlando City hit road blocks in its planning process. One of the first was finding land for the stadium. The current plot downtown in the Parramore neighborhood was selected amid community concerns, and there also was a church on the proposed lot that didn’t want to move. So, the stadium was moved slightly, over a retention area the city owned. There also were hiccups with the original funding plan, which included Orange, Seminole and Osceola counties, along with some state funding and money from the team. Orlando City’s majority owner quickly decided to privately fund the stadium so they could move things along as quickly as possible. “Every time there seemed to be a road block, we were able to come together and overcome that,” Dyer said. Moving swiftly was beneficial for Orlando City, which paid a $70 million expansion fee. The fee for new teams joining will be $150 million now and reportedly could increase to $200 million, another reason the Miami situation needs to be worked out. Waiting on Beckham Beckham received a massive discount on his entry fee, $25 million, an option that was included in his playing contract when he was with the LA Galaxy. MLS has been understanding and lenient with the Beckham ownership group, which includes American Idol creator Simon Fuller and Sprint CEO Marcelo Claure, the past three years as its struggled with similar issues. The group failed to secure land for a 25,000-seat stadium at the Port of Miami because of push back from the cruise lines, at an unused boat slip near AmericanAirlines Stadium because it would have needed to use a portion of a park owned by the city, and a lot near Marlins Park because private land needed at the site could not be secured. Finally, Miami Beckham United purchased six acres of private land in the Overtown neighborhood, northwest of downtown Miami, for $19 million, according to the Miami Herald. Miami-Dade County agreed to sell an adjoining three acres, but the deal is stalled while Beckham and Co. interview other potential investors. Garber said there is a deadline on the deal but will not disclose when that is. “We are very focused on Miami being our 24th team. And we’ll continue to work with them to try to achieve that,” Garber said. “I remain a big believer in the importance of Miami to extending MLS’s reach to south of the border and to connect with a very diverse and culturally important city in our country.” “We have a lot invested in it because of the amount of time we’ve spent on it. Everybody needs to understand, including David and his partners, that we’ve worked hard, and it’s time for us to reach a conclusion.” 
Multiple reports say Beckham is close to working everything out and the team may begin playing in 2019. According to Tadd Schwartz a Miami-based spokesman for the Miami Beckham United group, the team is committed to South Florida and working hard to get the deal done. 
&quot;Home to a diverse population including many who came to Florida from places where soccer is the national sport, direct access to Europe and Latin America, a passionate fan base, and the highest rates of TV soccer viewership in the U.S., Florida is prime territory for MLS expansion,” Schwartz said, adding the group looks forward to creating rivalries with other clubs in Florida. Tampa Bay makes a play With Miami under a ticking deadline, the Tampa Bay Rowdies have stepped into the discussion. The Rowdies just moved from the North American Soccer League to the United Soccer League, which recently surpassed the NASL as the second-tier soccer league in the United States. The Rowdies have a rich history and large fan base. Majority owner Bill Edwards has been very vocal the last few months about his desire to bring the Rowdies into MLS and the club created a social media campaign #MLS2StPete. The path for the Rowdies may be even more convoluted than Miami, however, because Orlando City owns the MLS and television rights for Central and North Florida. Representatives for the Tampa Bay Rowdies were not immediately available for comment. “Tampa so far, is very premature,” Lions CEO Alex Leit&atilde;o told the Orlando Sentinel. “I mean, this whole expansion conversation you always try to defer to the league. It’s a lot of information here and there, but I think it’s very premature. Do I have any problem with there being a team in Tampa? Maybe not, but of course we have some protections and then if the moment comes, we’ll have to sit down and discuss those protections and see how that goes.” As fees and competition rise, the benefits of Orlando City’s timeliness in entering the league continue to show. And though there were detours, it seems inevitable the Lions will soon have an in-state rival. The only question is where? adelgallo@orlandosentinel.com  
Privacy Policy 
Copyright
&copy; 2017, Orlando Sentinel 
Major League Soccer  Orlando City Lions  Buddy Dyer  NBA 
Varsity scores: Feb. 16 
Westminster Dog Show Pictures 
Dr. Phillips stuns Sarasota Riverview | Basketball Roundup 
All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries   
55&deg;