More Republicans chastise Trump over executive order - POLITICO 
POLITICO 
Magazine Home 
Today's Cover 
Opinion 
Latest Stories 
Weekly Email Signups 
What Works 
Magazine 
Magazine Home 
Today's Cover 
Opinion 
Latest Stories 
Weekly Email Signups 
What Works 
Trump Presidency 
Agriculture 
Cybersecurity 
Defense 
Education 
eHealth 
Energy & Environment 
Finance & Tax 
Health Care 
Employment & Immigration 
Technology 
Trade 
Transportation & Infrastructure 
Policy 
Agriculture 
Cybersecurity 
Defense 
Education 
eHealth 
Energy & Environment 
Finance & Tax 
Health Care 
Employment & Immigration 
Technology 
Trade 
Transportation & Infrastructure 
PRO 
Already a Pro? 
Why Go Pro? 
Search 
Search 
Login 
Account Details 
Log In 
Log Out 
U.S. Edition 
Europe Edition 
POLITICO Media 
POLITICO Florida 
POLITICO New Jersey 
POLITICO New York 
Menu 
Sections 
Congress 
White House 
Magazine 
The Agenda 
Latest Election Results 
POLITICO Live 
POLITICO Live Home 
Upcoming Events 
Previous Events 
About POLITICO Live 
Multimedia 
All Video 
Off Message 
POLITICO Nerdcast 
Playback 
Blogs & Columns 
Playbook Plus 
Roger Simon 
On Media 
Josh Gerstein 
Rich Lowry 
45 Presidential Tracker 
Series 
What Works 
Women Rule 
POLITICO Caucus 
Agenda 2020 
The First 100 Days: Trade 
Connect With Us 
Trump unleashes fury after four long weeks 
Trump fumes over leaks at private meeting with Republicans 
CNN chief says Trump’s attacks are boosting morale 
Trump names Alexander Acosta as labor secretary nominee 
All the things Trump covered at his epic news conference 
Trump asks black journalist to help set up meeting with Congressional Black Caucus 
Facebook 
Twitter 
Google + 
Email 
Comment 
Print 
“We all share a desire to protect the American people, but this executive order has been poorly implemented, especially with respect to green card holders,” Bob Corker said in a statement. | Getty 
More Republicans chastise Trump over executive order 
After holding back, a growing number of GOP lawmakers came out Sunday in opposition to his refugee directive. 
By Burgess Everett and John Bresnahan 
01/29/17 10:27 AM EST 
Updated 01/29/17 10:20 PM EST 
Share on Facebook 
Share on Twitter 
A growing contingent of Republicans is openly questioning President Donald Trump's ban on immigrants from seven Muslim-majority countries, as key allies and powerful political players broke their silence Sunday to criticize Trump's executive order. 
Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Bob Corker (R-Tenn.), whom Trump considered picking to be his running mate and, later, secretary of state, called on the president to immediately retool the order. Story Continued Below 
“We all share a desire to protect the American people, but this executive order has been poorly implemented, especially with respect to green card holders,” Corker said in a statement. “The administration should immediately make appropriate revisions, and it is my hope that following a thorough review and implementation of security enhancements that many of these programs will be improved and reinstated.” 
Indeed, while House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) have largely given Trump a pass, Republicans who had spent days withholding comment about Trump's order began to publicly criticize him. It started among Republicans who strongly opposed Trump's candidacy for president and began swelling as news stories circulated about green card holders being turned away at airports and public protests grew in scope and volume. 
One of the harshest criticisms came from Corker's Tennessee colleague, Sen. Lamar Alexander, who said that while the order is &quot;not explicitly a religious test, it comes close to one which is inconsistent with our American character.” In a joint statement Sunday evening, Sens. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) and Tim Scott (R-S.C.) said that they were &quot;uneasy&quot; with some implications of the order, and Sen. Dean Heller (R-Nev.), a top target for Senate Democrats next year, said he agreed with stricter vetting but that he is &quot;deeply troubled by the appearance of a religious ban.&quot; 
Even GOP supporters of the travel ban want it revised to make it less onerous. House Homeland Security Chairman Mike McCaul (R-Texas), after supporting the executive order earlier this weekend, chastised Trump on Sunday for not coordinating better with Congress. 
“In light of the confusion and uncertainty created in the wake of the President’s Executive Order, it is clear adjustments are needed,&quot; McCaul wrote in a statement. 
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) called Trump's action &quot;a common-sense security measure to prevent terrorist attacks.&quot; But he wants it altered to address &quot;green card holders and those who've assisted the U.S. armed forces.&quot; 
And Sen. Cory Gardner (R-Colo.), who runs the Senate GOP's political arm, called Trump's moves &quot;overly broad&quot; and said the administration must &quot;fix&quot; it. 
5 numbers that mattered this week 
By Steven Shepard 
&quot;A blanket travel ban goes too far. I also believe that lawful residents of the United States should be permitted to enter the country,&quot; Gardner said. Rep. Will Hurd (R-Texas) said Trump is giving terrorists &quot;another tool to gain sympathy and recruit new fighters.&quot; 
&quot;We need to work with all allies around the world. This visa ban is the ultimate display of mistrust and will erode our allies' willingness to fight with us,&quot; Hurd said. 
Seeking to quell the growing chorus of opposition from Republicans, Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said in implementing Trump's order, he will &quot;deem the entry of lawful permanent residents to be in the national interest.&quot; 
Still, despite the growing criticism, many Republicans are either sitting back to watch how it plays out or gently chiding him over the matter. They don’t like the rollout of Trump's executive orders, and they don’t know how it affects some American allies overseas, but the majority of GOP lawmakers — wary of Trump and his die-hard supporters — are either largely standing behind him despite past criticisms or staying quiet altogether. 
McConnell was critical of Trump’s campaign promises to enact a ban on Muslim immigrants as “completely and totally inconsistent with American values.” But the Senate GOP leader seemed much less concerned with Trump’s actions this weekend to enact a temporary ban on refugees from the seven nations. 
“The president has a lot of latitude to try to secure the country, and I’m not going to make a blanket criticism of this effort,” McConnell said on ABC’s “This Week.” “However it’s important to remember that a lot of Muslims are our best sources in the war against terror.” 
The GOP leader said he would not argue against tightening vetting of refugees but seemed to draw a line in the sand on how Trump’s team talks about its refugee pause: “I don’t want to criticize them for improving vetting. I think we need to be careful we don’t have religious tests in this country.” 
White House 
Trump ratchets up defense of immigrant ban as outrage mounts 
By Nahal Toosi and Seung Min Kim 
Likewise, Ryan has largely defended Trump’s actions. And Republican Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas, a leading hawk in Congress, said he was &quot;confident&quot; that Trump's moves will &quot;help keep America safe.&quot; 
&quot;I doubt many Arkansans or Americans more broadly object to taking a harder look at foreigners coming into our country from war-torn nations with known terror networks; I think they’re wondering why we don’t do that already,&quot; Cotton said. 
And Rep. Dan Donovan, the lone Republican congressman from New York City, said, “President Trump's decision is in America's best interest.” 
But new statements in full support of Trump were in short supply on Sunday. Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) and Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) said in a joint statement that they oppose interpretations of the order that barred green-card holders, interpreters and vetted refugees from entering the United States. They also said that Trump's &quot;executive order may do more to help terrorist recruitment than improve our security.&quot; Still, they did not outline concrete steps to overturn Trump's actions via legislation, investigations or congressional hearings. 
“We fear this executive order will become a self-inflicted wound in the fight against terrorism,&quot; they said. &quot;This executive order sends a signal, intended or not, that America does not want Muslims coming into our country.&quot; 
Trump responded that they are &quot;weak on immigration&quot; and &quot;always looking to start World War III.&quot; 
But even though Trump’s order will mostly affect Muslim refugees, it is not the blanket “Muslim ban” that he once talked about, and on the Sunday shows his surrogates defended it as far less encompassing. That left Republicans walking a fine line between criticizing Trump and avoiding rocking the boat in a presidency that is still less than 10 days old. 
“It was not a ban; however, I think it was not properly vetted,” said Sen. Rob Portman (R-Ohio) on CNN's &quot;State of the Union.&quot; “So you have an extreme vetting proposal that did not get the vetting it should have had. And as a result in the implementation, we’ve seen some problems.” 
Among the problems Portman listed was the case of a Cleveland Clinic doctor who was forced to leave despite having a visa to be in the United States. Asked whether sending her out of the country made the U.S. safer, Portman said: “No, because she’s been properly vetted.” 
Still, a minority of congressional Republicans are clearly chastising Trump. And most of them did not support his presidential campaign. 
1600 Penn 
President Trump’s First Defeat 
By Blake Hounshell 
Sen. Ben Sasse (R-Neb.) said the order was “too broad,” Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine) called it “problematic,” and Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) said: “It’s unacceptable when even legal permanent residents are being detained or turned away.” None of them supported Trump. 
“I object to the suspension of visas from the seven named countries because we could have accomplished our objective of keeping our homeland safe by immediate implementation of more thorough screening procedures,” said Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-Fla.), one of a handful of House members coming out against Trump's action. 
GOP Reps. Carlos Curbelo (Fla.), Charlie Dent (Pa.), Brian Fitzpatrick (Pa.), Justin Amash (Mich.) Barbara Comstock (Va.), Elise Stefanik (R-N.Y.), and Jaime Herrera Beutler (R-Wash.) all criticized Trump as well. 
“The president’s executive order [goes] beyond the increased vetting actions that Congress has supported on a bipartisan basis and inexplicably applied to Green Card holders,” Comstock said. “This should be addressed and corrected expeditiously.” 
Others who have been at odds with Trump were more muted. Sen. Mike Lee (R-Utah), who opposed Trump's candidacy, said he had &quot;technical questions&quot; about the president's order but declined to explicitly ding Trump. 
&quot;National security is always the federal government's top priority, so I am pleased that the White House is focused on protecting the American people,&quot; Lee said in a statement. 
Follow @politico 
Share on Facebook 
Share on Twitter 
Authors: 
Burgess Everett 
@burgessev 
John Bresnahan 
jbresnahan@politico.com 
This story tagged under: 
Immigration 
Paul Ryan 
John McCain 
Rob Portman 
Mitch McConnell 
Muslims 
Donald Trump 
Mike Lee 
Ben Sasse 
Executive Order 
President Donald Trump 
Donald Trump Presidency 
Listen to today&#039;s flash briefing 
POLITICO Playbook&#39;s must-listen rundown on what&#39;s driving the day in Washington. Hosted by Jake Sherman and Anna Palmer. Play | Read | Sign Up Now 
Show Comments 
Most Read 
NBC&rsquo;s Peter Alexander gives Trump in-person fact check 
Trump complains that he &lsquo;inherited a mess&rsquo; in rant against media 
Trump unleashes fury after four long weeks 
Priebus struggles to control fractious White House 
Trump asks black journalist to help set up meeting with Congressional Black Caucus 
Harward turns down Trump&#39;s national security adviser offer 
Will top cop Chaffetz actually police Trump? 
Trump threatens &lsquo;low-life leakers&rsquo; will be caught 
Pentagon: No records of Flynn&#39;s 2015 Russia trip 
CNN chief says Trump&rsquo;s attacks are boosting morale 
Politico Magazine 
How Mexican Wind Lights San Diego Homes 
By T.R. Goldman 
The Cure For America’s ‘Third-World’ Airports 
By Debra Bruno 
How San Diego Built a Bridge Over the Wall 
By Ethan Epstein 
Don’t Let Vaccines Go the Way of Climate Change 
By Saad Omer and Sarah Despres 
More on POLITICO 
Core Footer - dropdown links 
U.S. Edition 
Europe Edition 
POLITICO Links 
News 
POLITICO Home 
Magazine 
2016 Elections 
Congress 
Inauguration 2017 
Video 
POLITICO Pro 
POLITICO Media 
POLITICO Florida 
POLITICO New Jersey 
POLITICO New York 
Events 
Blogs, Columns & Cartoons 
Roger Simon 
On Media 
Josh Gerstein 
Matt Wuerker 
Rich Lowry 
Cartoon Carousel 
Tipsheets 
The 2016 Blast 
Playbook 
Huddle 
The Friday Cover 
Influence 
Morning Agriculture 
Morning Cybersecurity 
Morning Defense 
Morning Education 
Morning eHealth 
Morning Energy 
Morning Money 
Morning Score 
Morning Shift 
Morning Tax 
Morning Tech 
Morning Trade 
Morning Transportation 
Pulse 
Prescription Pulse 
Policy 
Agriculture 
Campaigns 
Cybersecurity 
Defense 
Education 
eHealth 
Energy & Environment 
Finance & Tax 
Health Care 
Employment & Immigration 
Technology 
Trade 
Transportation & Infrastructure 
More Info 
About Us 
Advertising 
Breaking News Alerts 
Credit Card Payments 
Digital Edition 
Employment 
FAQ 
Feedback 
Headlines 
Photos 
POWERJobs 
Press 
Register 
Print Subscriptions 
RSS/Widgets 
Site Map 
Store 
&copy; 2017 POLITICO LLC 
Terms of Service 
Privacy Policy