How The Press Never Stopped Blaming Obama For Radical GOP Obstruction 
Skip to main content 
Contact 
About 
RSS 
Blog 
Video 
Research 
Issues  Diversity &amp; Discrimination 
Economy 
Education 
Elections 
Environment &amp; Science 
Government 
Health Care 
Immigration 
Inclusion Matters 
Justice &amp; Civil Liberties 
Media Structures &amp; Regulations 
National Security &amp; Foreign Policy 
Reproductive Rights 
Trump&#039;s War On The Press 
TAKE ACTION 
Gplus 
Twitter 
Facebook 
Donate 
SEE LATEST ›››   
Submit 
x ADVANCED SEARCH  Keyword(s) 
Date Range  Date 
E.g., 02/17/2017  ›››  Date 
E.g., 02/17/2017  Search 
How The Press Never Stopped Blaming Obama For Radical GOP Obstruction 
Blog  ›››
January 19, 2017 1:04 PM EST  
›››
ERIC BOEHLERT 
? 
Right on cue, as President Obama readies his exit from office,  T he   Washington Post’s  Chris Cillizza this week  published  a misguided critique of the Democrat’s two terms. His analysis focused specifically on Obama’s broken “promise” and parroted a favorite Beltway media talking point: Both sides are to blame for the federal government being mired in “partisan gridlock” during his eight years, and it’s largely Obama’s fault he didn’t “fix” politics. Obama didn’t create “a government that worked for all of us”; he failed to create “something new, different and better,” wrote Cillizza. 
Cillizza acknowledges that “Democrats immediately point to the fact that congressional Republicans, almost from the first day of Obama's time in the White House, made opposing him a political strategy,” but dismisses it as being the primary cause for the partisan mess. (In Cillizza’s view, it’s both sides’ supposed culpability for the failed “grand bargain” in 2011 that serves as the key event.) 
The erroneous analysis represents a safe refrain that’s been repeated by journalists for years, as they’ve collectively convinced themselves that Obama’s  culpab le  for the radical Republican obstruction that partly defined his two terms. They’re comfortably certain that if Obama had just reached out earlier, or more aggressively, or more sincerely (or “ schmooz[ed] " a bit harder), things could have played out more smoothly and Obama could have written a different Beltway script where harmony and progress reigned.  
It’s pure fantasy, of course. 
Fact: When Republican leadership adopted the radical position that they’d refuse to even hold hearings for Obama's next Supreme Court nominee, the GOP systematically shred  more than 100 years  of protocol in the process. That’s what Obama faced for much of the last eight years, and  the press’s messaging has helped Republicans  every step of the way.   
Still, the bipartisan fantasy endured: Republicans  wanted  to work with Obama and make serious, good-faith deals, it’s just that Obama wasn’t savvy enough to read their signals (i.e. Why won’t he  just lead ?). 
What’s so bizarre about this parallel universe that the press concocted is that by the end of Obama’s second term, Republicans weren’t even trying to hide their radically obstructionist ways in  closed-door strategy sessions . They  bragged  about  refusing  to work with Democrats. (Today, they insist that Trump, who lost the popular vote, somehow secured a “ mandate ” that Democrats must respect.) 
Yet here’s Cillizza in the face of Republican obstructionist boasts, still pretending Obama’s largely at fault for screwing things up and that he passed up a great chance to forever fix partisan rancor. So desperate is the media’s need to portray the Republican Party as a mainstream institution that has not drastically veered toward the fringes in recent years, that journalists are willing to blame the victim. And they’ve been willing, and eager, to  normalize  Republican behavior. 
Just logically, why would the president who's had his agenda categorically obstructed be the one blamed for having his agenda categorically obstructed, and not the politicians who purposefully plotted the standoff? It doesn’t make sense, other than because the Beltway press is opting to give in to Republicans and downplaying the party’s radical ways -- in an apparent effort to maintain the preferred media mirage that “ both sides ” are to blame when the government doesn’t function. 
When Republicans obstructed Obama's agenda, the president was responsible for not changing the GOP's unprecedented behavior. And if it wasn’t entirely Obama’s fault, then "both sides" were to blame for the GOP's extremist actions and the grand gridlock it purposefully produced.  
And the media blame game started from essentially day one for Obama. On January 29, 2009, the  Los Angeles Times   reported , "As the House on Wednesday gave President Obama the first big legislative victory of his term, it was clear that his efforts so far had not delivered the post-partisan era that he called for in his inauguration address." 
Meaning,  nine days  after first being sworn in, Obama was being blamed for not having ushered in a shiny, new "post-partisan era." (Loved that  Times  headline, too: “Newpolitical era? Same as the old one.”) 
But no, Obama didn’t usher in a new bipartisan era, because Republicans wouldn’t let him -- and that’s according to Republicans. "If he was for it, we had to be against it," was how former Republican Ohio Sen. George Voinovich once  explained  the GOP’s knee-jerk response to Obama proposals. 
Given a path by the press to obstruct Obama  and  to also be rewarded for  scoring victories  over him in the process, Republicans seized every opportunity and soon defied  historic norms . 
We saw it with the  sequester obstruction , government shutdown  obstruction , paid leave  obstruction , cabinet nominee  obstruction , Hurricane Sandy emergency relief  obstruction , the consistent  obstruction  of judicial nominees, the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act  obstruction , and of course the 2013 gun bill  obstruction. 
That was the expanded background check bill featuring a centerpiece proposal that enjoyed nearly  90 percent public approval,   including overwhelming support from Republican voters and  gun owners . But Obama couldn’t get most Republican senators to budge. “There were some on my side who did not want to be seen helping the president do something he wanted to get done, just because the president wanted to do it,”  explained  Sen. Patrick Toomey (R-PA), who was one of just four Republicans who voted for the compromise bill. 
But most of the context was left out of the gun vote coverage in 2013, as pundits and press rushed in to blame “ Obama and his allies ” for the actions of obstructionist Republicans. 
For the record, there were some lonely voices in the Beltway wilderness who specifically debunked the “both sides” meme and placed the gridlock responsibility squarely on the shoulders of activist Republicans. 
"We have been studying Washington politics and Congress for more than 40 years, and never have we seen them this dysfunctional," scholars Thomas Mann and Norm Ornstein  wrote  in  The   Washington Post  in 2012 in an essay adapted from their then-new book. "In our past writings, we have criticized both parties when we believed it was warranted. Today, however, we have no choice but to acknowledge that the core of the problem lies with the Republican Party." 
Perhaps not surprisingly, the Sunday morning broadcast network political talk shows and much of the media at large wasn’t interested in their analysis, which Ornstein  told   The Washington Post’s  Greg Sargent was unfortunate given the fact that their assessment “focused on press culpability — it would be hard to find a more sensitive issue for the media than the question of whether they’re doing their job.” 
That simply wasn’t the preferred story the Beltway press wanted to tell during the Obama years. 
Short Link 
copy link 
Posted In 
The Presidency &amp; White House , The Senate   
Person 
Chris Cillizza   
Show/Publication 
The Washington Post   
We've changed our commenting system to Disqus. Instructions for signing up and claiming your comment history are located here .
Updated rules for commenting are here .
View the discussion thread.  
Submit 
x ADVANCED SEARCH  Keyword(s) 
Date Range  Date 
E.g., 02/17/2017  ›››  Date 
E.g., 02/17/2017  Search 
ABOUT THE BLOG 
Our blog section features rapid response fact-checks of conservative misinformation, links to media criticism from around the web, commentary, analysis and breaking news from Media Matters' senior fellows, investigative team, researchers and other staff. 
FOLLOW US ››› 
Like on Facebook 
Recommend on Google 
Follow on Tumblr 
Subscribe 
Sign up for our mailing lists 
Eric 
Boehlert 
›››
All posts ›  
Twitter › 
A Senior Fellow for Media Matters, Boehlert is the author of Bloggers On the Bus: How The Internet Changes Politics and the Press, and Lapdogs: How the Press Rolled Over for Bush. Previously, he wrote on staff for Salon and Rolling Stone. 
LATEST ›››
CNN Trump Shill Jeffrey Lord Compares Congressional Black Caucus To The KKK  
Video 
February 16, 2017 11:51 PM EST  
Right Wing Media Figures Loved Donald Trump's Unhinged Press Conference And Assault On The Press On February 16 President Donald Trump gave a press conference in which he dodged questions, and repeatedly mocked the media. During and after the press conference, right wing media figures praised his performance, calling him "brilliant," "in control" and "awesome to watch."
Research 
February 16, 2017 11:19 PM EST  
Report: Trump Chooses To Retain Former Fox Analyst Rather Than Hire Decorated Navy Veteran  
Blog 
February 16, 2017 8:49 PM EST  
Rep. Emanuel Cleaver Calls Out Trump’s Racially Charged Interaction With American Urban Radio Network’s April Ryan  
Video 
February 16, 2017 8:35 PM EST  
MSNBC's Van Susteren Gives Trump Presser “An ‘A’ For Availability … Regardless Of What The Answers Were”  
Video 
February 16, 2017 6:35 PM EST  
Fox Host Gushes: Trump "Is The Fox News President. Everything That He Says, We've Said"  
Video 
February 16, 2017 5:54 PM EST  
30 Of Trump’s Attacks On The Media From His Unhinged Press Conference President Donald Trump gave a spontaneous press conference on February 16. Here are 30 examples of Trump attacking, blaming, mocking, and shutting down the media, reporters, and their reporting in chronological order during what has been described as a "combative, grievance-filled press conference”:
Research 
February 16, 2017 5:02 PM EST  
How The Media Covered A Day Without Immigrants  
Blog 
February 16, 2017 4:50 PM EST  
CNN's Jeffrey Lord Defends Trump Lie By Bashing CNN  
Video 
February 16, 2017 4:08 PM EST  
Shep Smith Fires Back At Trump: “We’re Not Fools For Asking These Questions And We Demand To Know The Answer”  
Video 
February 16, 2017 4:07 PM EST  
Trump Team Uses Debunked Right-Wing Media Smear To Deflect From Russia Scandals President Donald Trump and Sebastian Gorka, Trump's deputy assistant and the former national security editor for Breitbart.com, claimed that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton “approve[d] the sale of 20 percent of our uranium to Russia” in an attempt to deflect from the administration’s ongoing scandals involving Russia. The claim, which originally came from discredited Clinton Cash author and Breitbart editor Peter Schweizer, has been repeated by right-wing media but, repeatedly debunked by other sources. This is not the first time Trump has cited the debunked claim and Gorka has a history of pushing conspiracy theories.
Research 
February 16, 2017 3:58 PM EST  
Trump Supporters Receive “Mainstream Media Accountability Survey” Moments After President Slams Reporters  
Blog 
February 16, 2017 3:52 PM EST  
Alex Jones: Trump’s Operation “Directly Credited Me Over The Telephone With Being One Of The Key Liberty Demographics” That Led To Trump's Win  
Video 
February 16, 2017 3:22 PM EST  
Alex Jones: “Trump Is Already In The Top Three Presidents Of All Time”  
Video 
February 16, 2017 2:26 PM EST  
The Biggest Myth About Anti-LGBTQ Hate Groups Debunked  
Blog 
February 16, 2017 2:17 PM EST  
Home 
Blog 
Video 
Research 
Issues 
Contact 
About 
Jobs 
RSS Feeds 
Corrections 
Privacy Policy 
© 2016 Media Matters for America. All rights reserved.
Mythopedia | 
Take Action 
Donate | 
About | 
Contact 
Jobs 
© 2016 Media Matters For America 
All Rights Reserved