JSU picks up 3 more football commits            /">   SUBSCRIBE NOW to get full access     Home   News   Sports   Upside   Magnolia   Opinion   Insider   Obituaries   Archives   USA TODAY   Media   More  Home News Sports Upside Magnolia Opinion Insider Obituaries Archives USA TODAY Media    Social    Follow    Search   Firefly  Hi  Already a subscriber? Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings. My Account  View the E-Newspaper  Manage your Newsletters  View your Insider deals and more  Member ID Card  Chat Support  Chat Support  Log Out       Get the news Log In or Subscribe to skip  Already a subscriber? Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access.      
120
Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about  Facebook Email Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest  JSU picks up 3 more football commits The latest prospects bring coach Tony Hughes total haul to 23 commitments.    Post to Facebook    JSU picks up 3 more football commits &#13;&#13;The latest prospects bring coach Tony Hughes total haul to 23 commitments. &#13;&#13;Check out this story on clarionledger.com: http://on.thec-l.com/2jLyViY 
{#
#}
Cancel Send  Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address.  Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.    Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs       Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access.     JSU picks up 3 more football commits  Tyler Cleveland , The Clarion-Ledger 
Published 7:09 p.m. CT Jan. 29, 2017 | Updated 7:29 p.m. CT Jan. 29, 2017      Buy Photo  Jackson State coach Tony Hughes hopes to round out his second recruiting class before National Signing Day on Wednesday. (Photo: Charles A. Smith/JSU Communications) Buy Photo   
120
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE  Tony Hughes and the JSU football staff had relatively quiet weekend headed into the final stretch before national signing day on Wednesday. The Tigers picked up three commitments — a pair of tight ends and an outside linebacker/defensive end — out of the seven prospects they hosted on campus for official visits this weekend. It wasn’t as flashy as the past two weekends, when the staff hosted nearly 40 prospects and received pledges from 13 players, but the commitments they received Sunday did help address the team’s needs. The two tight ends are Laquantis Hennington (6-6, 240), a senior from Bishop Dunn in Grand Prairie, Texas, and local prospect Robert Washington from Wingfield. Washington is a 6-foot-6, 230-pound basketball star who reportedly ran a 4.7-second 40 at a camp late last year. Tyler Casby (6-2, 235) is a defensive end from Edna Karr in New Orleans. He started all 14 games for the state-champion Cougars who went undefeated. The Tigers lost one commitment Sunday when West Jefferson (New Orleans) tight end Damien Degruy flipped to Fresno State. That likely opened the door for Washington, who had long been on JSU’s radar but hadn’t garnered an offer until this weekend. The commitments bring Jackson State’s total to 23 with little more than 48 hours until national signing day. Including the early enrollees, Hughes and his staff have nearly secured enough commitments to field a starting 22 made up entirely of freshmen — something he had stated was a goal entering his second recruiting process as a head coach. As of Sunday, the Tigers have enrolled or received commitments from 16 offensive prospects: two quarterbacks, three running backs, five wide receivers, three tight ends and three offensive linemen. On defense, they have recruited 12 players – five defensive linemen, two linebackers and five defensive backs. If all 23 of the high school seniors currently committed stay with JSU, Hughes can take seven more players in the current class. Contact Tyler Cleveland at 601-961-7371 or tcleveland@gannett.com . Follow him on Twitter .  
120
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE    
TOP VIDEOS
Today in History for February 17th 1:37    NBA will bring star power for All-Star Saturday 0:56    Nicholas Baer on the danger of slow starts 0:33    What has been Tyler Cook&#39;s biggest college adjustment? 0:47    MLB Spring Training: &#39;Cutie ball&#39; to return to Twins open house? 0:43    Early MLB spring training headlines 1:22    Westminster Winner Enjoys Steak Lunch 1:15    Director Peter Berg dishes on new TV show &#39;QB1: Beyond the Lights&#39; 6:56    These four NFL players could get a franchise tag 1:40    Purdue 74, Rutgers 55: Boilermakers reaction 5:27