Mourinho: Manchester United cries foul over fixture pile-up - again - Football - Pulse 
Pulse.ng logo 
Go 
News 
Politics 
Local 
Health 
World 
Business 
Gist 
Celebs 
Music 
Buzz 
New Music 
Music Videos 
Mixtapes 
Reviews 
Movies 
Lifestyle 
Fashion 
Beauty 
Wellness 
Weddings 
Relationships 
Arts & Culture 
Food, Drinks & Travel 
Men's Health 
Women's Health 
P Promos 
Horoscope 
Events 
Sports 
Football 
Tennis 
Athletics 
Boxing 
Rugby 
Communities 
Student Pulse 
Pulse Religion 
Pulse Tech 
Hot! Pulse 
Pulse Comedy 
Product Review 
Viral Pulse 
Pulse Traffic 
Pulse Cars 
Pulse Real Estate 
Pulse Books 
Pulse Entrepreneurship 
Pulse Bloggers 
Pulse Podcasts 
Business Insider 
Finance 
Lifestyle 
Politics 
Sports 
Strategy 
Tech 
Mourinho 
Manchester United cries foul over fixture pile-up - again 
The irascible Portuguese coach has described a mounting schedule as a 'nonsense' and 'a laugh'. 
Published: 30.01.2017 
Pulse News Agency International By AFP 
Print 
eMail 
play 
Manchester United's Portuguese manager Jose Mourinho has described a mounting schedule as a 'nonsense' and 'a laugh' in an extraordinary outburst that followed his side's comfortable passage into the fifth round of the FA Cup (AFP) 
Manchester United Mourinho sets Martial Wigan challenge 
Alternative Facts All you need to know about this new buzzword 
Jose Mourinho Man Utd manager eyes Wenger&#039;s FA charge 
Hull City vs Man Utd Carrick says team will go for it at Hull 
Premier League Ferguson can&#039;t see Rooney&#039;s United goal record falling 
Premier League Rooney remains Lingard&#039;s United role model 
Jose Mourinho Manager wants Manchester United wins rather than Rooney records 
English Premier League Five things we learned from this week&#039;s round of matches 
Manchester United Rooney salvages point for club with record-breaking strike 
Anthony Martial Manchester United striker clashes with Mourinho 
Tweet 
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho complained about the lack of help being afforded his team by the football authorities as he attempts to win silverware on four fronts over the final four months of the season. The irascible Portuguese coach has described a mounting schedule as a 'nonsense' and 'a laugh' in an extraordinary outburst that followed his side's comfortable passage into the fifth round of the FA Cup with a 4-0 home win over Championship side Wigan. That leaves United as the only English team battling for four trophies -- the League Cup final with Southampton, the FA Cup, Europa and Premier Leagues -- and facing as many as 67 games should they go all the way in the other two cup competitions. &quot;I think the Premier League is almost an impossible mission but I only think about winning the next match,&quot; said Mourinho, who has complained about the fixture list in England before. &quot;In the League Cup, we have 50% chance of winning it. In the FA Cup, we are in the last 16. In the Europa League, we are in the last 32, so lots of matches to play. &quot;I can imagine we are going to have some nice gifts. Like Watford today, they had an amazing gift. They played today in the FA Cup and they are to play on Tuesday in the Premier League. &quot;It’s a laugh. There were so many matches played yesterday, how is it possible a team plays today and plays again Tuesday? &quot;It is absolute nonsense. This is not just for Watford. I know many of those surprises will be waiting for us.&quot; 'This really crazy situation' Mourinho, who had a shaky start to his tenure at United but righted the ship in the past two months, had a go at title contenders Liverpool and Chelsea saying they had less games to worry about because they didn't qualify for Europe. Chelsea's failure was largely down to him as a disastrous start to the defence of their title last season led to his dismissal but he left club with too much ground to make up to even qualify for the Europa League. &quot;Compared with other clubs -- Liverpool will play 16 matches the rest of the season, Chelsea will play 16, plus some in the FA Cup, and we are in this really crazy situation,&quot; said Mourinho. &quot;Southampton will have 15 days without football before the final. We are going to play two matches against St Etienne and the next round of the FA Cup, so the calendar in the best country in world football is nonsense.&quot; Mourinho also claimed he had no knowledge of reports linking Wayne Rooney with a possible move to China before the end of the current season with that country’s transfer deadline running until the end of February. One player definitely staying at Old Trafford, however, is German Bastian Schweinsteiger who started his first game in over a year, scoring his first goal in 14 months to complete the rout. &quot;He is staying,&quot; said Mourinho of a player whom he had banished to train away from the first team earlier in the season. &quot;He is going on our Europa League list because we have opened spaces with (Memphis) Depay and (Morgan) Schneiderlin (leaving) and we don’t have many players. &quot;We don’t have many options in midfield. Ninety minutes today was probably too hard for him but now I think he is happy. With so many competitions and games, he will be an option.&quot; 
Tweet 
Author 
Pulse News Agency International By AFP Brings you the latest news from Africa, covering breaking news in business, politics, entertainment, technology, and more. 
Top 3 
1 
UEFA 
Executives seek to limit leaders&#039; terms 
2 
Wales 
FA to appeal FIFA poppy mosaic fine 
3 
Super Eagles 
Gernot Rohr confirms friendly against Senegal 
Football 
Bundesliga 
Lahm backs Bayern&#039;s struggling Mueller in Berlin 
2017 U-20 Africa Cup of Nations 
No Nigerian referee for tournament 
Hope Akpan 
Blackburn midfielder charged for pushing referee 
Leon Balogun 
Nigerian defender returns to Mainz training 
Pulse.ng &ndash; News and Entertainment 
Pulse NG is Nigeria's new media network. 24/7 live news & videos, entertainment, sports, lifestyle, celebrities & more. 
&copy; 2017 Pulse.ng 
Home 
News 
Gist 
Celebrities 
Music 
Movies 
Lifestyle 
Events 
Sports 
Communities 
About Us 
About 
Terms And Conditions 
Privacy Policy 
Advertise with us 
Social 
Facebook 
Twitter 
Instagram 
Google+ 
Youtube 
Pinterest