Trump aides call travel ban success despite broad criticism
| Reuters 
X 
Edition: 
United States 
Business 
Business Home 
Legal 
Deals 
Aerospace & Defense 
Finance 
Autos 
Reuters Summits 
ADventures 
Data Dive 
Markets 
Markets Home 
U.S. Markets 
European Markets 
Asian Markets 
Global Market Data 
Indices 
Stocks 
Bonds 
Currencies 
Commodities 
Futures 
Funds 
Earnings 
Dividends 
World 
World Home 
U.S. 
Special Reports 
Reuters Investigates 
Euro Zone 
Middle East 
China 
Japan 
Mexico 
Brazil 
Africa 
Russia 
India 
Politics 
Politics Home 
Polling Explorer 
Live: Trump's First 100 Days 
Supreme Court 
Tech 
Technology Home 
Science 
Top 100 Global Innovators 
Media 
Environment 
Innovation 
Commentary 
Commentary Home 
Podcasts 
Breakingviews 
Breakingviews Home 
Breakingviews Video 
Money 
Money Home 
Retirement 
Lipper Awards 
Analyst Research 
Stock Screener 
Fund Screener 
Life 
Health 
Sports 
Arts 
Entertainment 
Oddly Enough 
Pictures 
Pictures Home 
The Wider Image 
Photographers 
Focus 360 
Video 
Trump aides call travel ban success despite broad criticism 
Africa 
América Latina 
عربي 
Argentina 
Brasil 
Canada 
中国 
Deutschland 
España 
France 
India 
Italia 
日本 
México 
РОССИЯ 
United Kingdom 
United States 
Politics 
| 
Sun Jan 29, 2017 | 8:34pm EST 
Trump aides call travel ban success despite broad criticism 
U.S. President Donald Trump (R) and Vice President Mike Pence (C) attend a ceremonial swearing-in for U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly (L) at Homeland Security headquarters in Washington, U.S., January 25, 2017. 
REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst 
WASHINGTON Aides to U.S. President Donald Trump on Sunday called the implementation of a temporary travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries a "massive success story" despite criticism from some top Republicans, protests and disarray at airports.  A senior administration official said the executive orders signed by Trump on Friday, which bars the admission of Syrian refugees and suspends travel to the United States from Syria, Iraq, Iran and four other countries on national security grounds, was being fully enforced by relevant agencies.  "Nothing has changed," said the official, briefing reporters on condition of anonymity as rallies against the move erupted across the United States. 
U.S. judges in at least five states blocked federal authorities from enforcing the order. Lawyers representing people covered by the order said, however, that some authorities were unwilling to follow the court rulings. The administration official rejected criticism of the way Trump's plan had been implemented, saying: "So it really is a massive success story in terms of implementation on every single level." 
Senator Bob Corker, the Republican chairman of the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said, however, that the application of the order was poorly implemented, particularly for green card holders, who have lawful permanent residence status. 
(Reporting by Lesley Wroughton and Will Dunham; Editing by Peter Cooney) 
Next In Politics  
'I'm not ranting and raving.' Trump on defensive in first solo news conference 
WASHINGTON The first gripe came three minutes into President Donald Trump's first solo news conference on Thursday, when he accused reporters of ignoring a poll showing him with a 55 percent approval rating - a figure at odds with most other surveys. 
Trump dismisses Russia controversy as 'scam' by hostile media 
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump dismissed a growing controversy about ties between his aides and Russia on Thursday as a "ruse" and "scam" perpetrated by a hostile news media, and denied any of his associates had contacts with Moscow before last year's election. 
Pence heads to Europe on reassurance tour 
WASHINGTON U.S. Vice President Mike Pence will seek on Saturday to soothe allies unnerved by his boss' unorthodox statements on Russia and NATO as he stresses America's commitment to Europe during the first major foreign address for the Trump administration. 
MORE FROM REUTERS 
Sponsored Content 
From Around the Web Promoted by Revcontent 
Trending Stories 
Pictures 
Photos of the week 
Sponsored Topics 
X  
Follow Reuters: 
Follow Us On Twitter 
Follow Us On Facebook 
Follow Us On RSS 
Follow Us On Instagram 
Follow Us On YouTube 
Follow Us On LinkedIn 
Subscribe: 
Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps 
Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers 
Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters . Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: 
Eikon 
Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface 
Elektron 
Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management 
World-Check 
Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks 
Westlaw 
Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology 
ONESOURCE 
The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs
CHECKPOINT 
The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals 
All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. 
Site Feedback 
Corrections 
Advertising Guidelines 
Cookies 
Terms of Use 
Privacy Policy