Colts Hire Chris Ballard As General Manager 
Season Ticket Member Login 
| 
| 
ColtStrong  Official Fan Clubs  E-Newsletter  Instagram  Facebook  Twitter 
Schedule 
Team 
News 
Videos 
Photos 
Fanzone 
Cheerleaders 
Community 
Tickets 
Stadium 
ROUNDUP 
Shop 
Loading... 
Loading... 
Loading... 
Loading... 
Loading... 
Loading... 
Loading... 
Loading... 
Loading... 
Loading... 
Loading... 
Loading... 
COLTS HIRE NEW GM CHRIS BALLARD 
JOIN THE WAIT LIST 
Home &gt; 
Team &gt; 
Documents : 
PAGE_TITLE_MARKER 
News 
Share 
Facebook 
Twitter 
StumbleUpon 
Digg 
Reddit 
Delicious 
Diigo 
Link 
URL: 
Print 
Email 
* Required field 
Allow up to 5 recipients 
Recipient Email * 
Send up to 5 emails, separate emails with a comma 
Sender Email * 
RSS 
Colts Hire Chris Ballard As General Manager 
Posted Jan 29, 2017 
Kevin Bowen 
Colts.com Writer 
About Kevin 
@KBowenColts 
a 
a 
Intro: After interviewing six candidates to become the Colts’ next general manager, Jim Irsay has found his man. Meet new GM Chris Ballard.    INDIANAPOLIS – Jim Irsay needed just a little more than a week to find his next general manager. Longtime NFL scout/personnel man Chris Ballard will take his first chance at leading an entire operation of a professional football team as the next general manager of the Indianapolis Colts. The Colts officially hired Ballard as their new GM on Sunday evening. Ballard arrives in Indianapolis after four years working with the Kansas Chiefs. Since Ballard joined the Chiefs in 2013, Kansas City has been one of the AFC’s most consistent teams. The Chiefs have won at least nine games in each of the last four seasons (43-21 overall record) and earned the No. 2 seed in this year’s postseason, after winning the toughest division in football. Despite not having a perennial Pro Bowl quarterback, the Chiefs have achieved recent success with an extremely balanced roster and very few weaknesses. The Chiefs have a roster littered with homegrown players. With Ballard in Kansas City, the Chiefs have drafted Pro Bowlers TE-Travis Kelce, CB-Marcus Peters and KR/WR-Tyreek Hill. Ballard’s time in the NFL includes a dozen years with the Chicago Bears, his previous stop just before Kansas City. As primarily an area scout for the Bears, Ballard helped build a Chicago roster that won at least seven games in 10 of his 12 seasons there (including a Super Bowl trip in 2006, a game won by the Colts). The fact that Ballard even interviewed for the opening in Indianapolis is an indication of how this job is viewed around the NFL. Over the past few years, Ballard has been a coveted GM candidate , with the Bears, Titans and 49ers all showing interest. Ballard was hired as Kansas City’s director of player personnel back in 2013. He was promoted two years later to director of football operations. Serving under Chiefs’ general manager John Dorsey, Ballard was thought very highly of in the Kansans City organization. “Chris is a good example of a guy who’s a team player,” Chiefs’ president Mark Donovan said earlier this month . “You look at our entire organization, you look at everybody across the board on the football side, ops side, coaching side, players and I’d like to say business side as well — we’re all in this together. Chris is one of those guys.” Ballard was one of six candidates the Colts interviewed after parting ways with Ryan Grigson a week ago Saturday. Stay tuned to Colts.com for a press conference announcement with Ballard.     The analysis from those producing content on Colts.com does not necessarily represent the thoughts of the Indianapolis Colts organization. Any conjecture, analysis or opinions formed by Colts.com content creators is not based on inside knowledge gained from team officials, players or staff. 
Hot Articles on Colts.com 
Colts Now Using Green Bay's Blueprint? 
By Kevin Bowen 
-
Posted Feb 10, 2017 
Intro: After 16 seasons in the NFL, new Colts general manager Chris Ballard is now a first-time GM. What in Ballard’s background has shaped him for this opportunity in Indianapolis? 
Colts Release Veteran Inside Linebacker D’Qwell Jackson 
By Kevin Bowen 
-
Posted Feb 9, 2017 
Intro: Veteran cuts are taking place all over the NFL right now and the Colts had one of their own on Thursday. Chris Ballard’s first move as Colts GM saw the team release veteran inside linebacker D’Qwell Jackson. 
Chris Ballard Talks 2017 Needs For Colts 
By Kevin Bowen 
-
Posted Feb 7, 2017 
Intro: On Monday afternoon, new Colts GM Chris Ballard joined 1070 The Fan for a 20-minute interview that covered a variety of topics about the Colts, his philosophy as a general manager and his plan heading into the Combine and free agency. 
Stay up-to-date on everything Colts! Sign-up for the Colts E-newsletter 
Recent News 
A Look Around The AFC South: 2.16.17 
Posted 8 hours ago 
Peyton Manning, Gazebos And ‘Modern Family’ 
Posted 10 hours ago 
2017 Free Agent Watch: Outside Linebacker Erik Walden 
Posted 12 hours ago 
Colts Host First Ever Puppy Combine 
Posted 13 hours ago 
Will Colts Use Franchise Tag In 2017? 
Posted 16 hours ago 
Subscribe 
More News &#0187; 
Recent Videos 
Colts Players, Cheerleaders Visit Riley Hospital 
(1:26) 
Indianapolis Colts players and cheerleaders brought Valentine's Day cheer to the patients and families at Riley Hospital For Children. Olaf, Prince Charming, and a number of princesses sang, danced, and passed out Valentine's Day cards. 
Cheerleader Road Trip: Ciarra 
(:45) 
Get a behind the scenes look at veteran Colts Cheerleader Ciarra during her photo shoot at the Indiana Dunes State Park for the 2016-2017 Indianapolis Colts Cheerleader Swimsuit Calendar. 
Subscribe 
More Videos &#0187; 
Recent Photos 
2017 Player Spotlight - JOE REITZ 
Joe Reitz highlights! 
2016 Cheerleader of the Week: Ciarra 
Indianapolis Colts Cheerleader: Ciarra 
Subscribe 
More Photos &#0187; 
HORSEPOWER TM 
terms of use 
privacy policy 
accessibility 
advertise with us 
contact us 
employment 
internships 
faq 
COPYRIGHT &copy; 2017 COLTS, INC. 
NFL.com 
NFLRush.com 
NFLPlayers.com 
NFL Ticket Exchange 
NFL Youth Tackle 
Profootballhof.com 
NFL Shop 
NFL Auction 
NFL Network 
NFL On Location 
In The Community 
NFLHealthandSafety.com 
Bills 
Dolphins 
Patriots 
Jets 
Ravens 
Bengals 
Browns 
Steelers 
Texans 
Colts 
Jaguars 
Titans 
Broncos 
Chiefs 
Raiders 
Chargers 
Cowboys 
Giants 
Eagles 
Redskins 
Bears 
Lions 
Packers 
Vikings 
Falcons 
Panthers 
Saints 
Buccaneers 
Cardinals 
Rams 
49ers 
Seahawks