Donald Trump's Company Is Receiving Direct Payments From Foreign Agents Right Now | The Huffington Post 
EDITION 
US 
عربي (Arabi) 
Australia 
Brasil 
Canada 
Deutschland 
España 
France 
Ελλάδα (Greece) 
India 
Italia 
日本 (Japan) 
한국 (Korea) 
Maghreb 
México 
Québec (En Francais) 
South Africa 
United Kingdom 
United States 
NEWS
Highline 
Science 
Education 
Weird News 
Business 
TestKitchen 
Tech 
College 
Media 
POLITICS
Pollster 
Heroin Epidemic 
Donald Trump 
Racial Inequality 
US Senate 
Election Results 
HuffPost Hill 
Police Brutality 
Hate Crimes 
Supreme Court 
Congress 
So That Happened 
ENTERTAINMENT
Entertainment 
Comedy 
Celebrity 
TV 
Arts + Culture 
Backspace 
Movies 
LIFESTYLE
Healthy Living 
Travel 
Style 
Taste 
Home 
Relationships 
Sleep 
IMPACT
Reclaim 
Project Zero 
HuffPost RYOT 
Good News 
VOICES
Black Voices 
Latino Voices 
Women 
Fifty 
Queer Voices 
Parents 
VIDEO
ALL SECTIONS
Arts + Culture 
Black Voices 
Books 
Business 
Candidate Confessional 
Celebrity 
College 
Comedy 
Crime 
Divorce 
Dolce Vita 
Eat the Press 
Education 
Election Results 
Entertainment 
Fifty 
Good News 
Green 
Healthy Living 
Highline 
Home 
Horoscopes 
HuffPost Data 
HuffPost Hill 
Impact 
Latino Voices 
Media 
Newsletters 
Outspeak 
Parents 
Politics 
Pollster 
Queer Voices 
Religion 
Science 
Small Business 
So That Happened 
Sports 
Style 
Taste 
Tech 
Teen 
TestKitchen 
Travel 
TV 
Weddings 
Weird News 
Women 
FEATURED 
OWN 
Paving the Way 
The Power Of Humanity 
Retire Well 
Sleep + Wellness 
What's Working: Purpose + Profit 
WorldPost 
POLITICS
01/23/2017 09:08 pm ET 
|
Updated 
Jan 24, 2017
Donald Trump's Company Is Receiving Direct Payments From Foreign Agents Right Now 
It's not a possible conflict of interest. It's an actual conflict of interest. 
By Paul Blumenthal 
12k 
220 
WASHINGTON ― President Donald Trump ’s business receives direct payments from a registered foreign agent funded by the government of Abu Dhabi. 
The U.S. headquarters for the Abu Dhabi Tourism &amp; Culture Authority is located on the 22nd floor of Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue — just four floors below the president’s penthouse apartment. The authority, which did not immediately respond to a request for comment, promotes tourism to Abu Dhabi, which is part of the United Arab Emirates. It has been registered as a foreign agent with the U.S. Department of Justice since 2012. 
During his run for president, Trump claimed that Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton “sold her office to corporations and foreign governments, betraying the public trust” by accepting donations from foreign governments to her family’s charity, which focused on delivering vaccines and low-cost HIV/AIDS drugs to people in poor countries. Now he’s benefiting from foreign government payments to his for-profit, privately owned business. 
“Normally, the fact that a foreign agent — a registered foreign agent — was paying money to the President of the United States would create blaring headlines around the world, but so vast and scandalous are the President’s conflicts of interest that it hardly raises an eyebrow,” said Norm Eisen, the former top ethics adviser to President Barack Obama. 
Trump has not sold his business interests, instead turning over management control to his sons, a move that ensures he will benefit any time any of his companies benefit. 
Eisen, along with other ethics experts — including President George W. Bush’s ethics lawyer Richard Painter — and constitutional law professors, filed a federal lawsuit Monday alleging that Trump is in violation of the Constitution for his acceptance of payments from foreign government entities. Under the Constitution’s Emoluments Clause, the president is forbidden from receiving gifts or payments from foreign governments and foreign government-owned corporations. 
“It does put a sharper point on it, the fact that they’re a foreign agent,” Eisen added. “All of these foreign governments who make payments to Trump’s businesses have a strong interest in the decision-making of the United States.” 
The Abu Dhabi Tourism &amp; Culture Authority, like all foreign agents, is registered under the Foreign Agents Registration Act, which is designed to help the federal government monitor foreign nations’ activities in the U.S. FARA requires foreign government-backed influence groups in the United States to register as foreign agents even if they are not lobbying the U.S. government directly. 
Many foreign agents focus on promoting their country to the broader American public and media and not on lobbying the government. Based on its publicly available filings, this appears to be the case with the Abu Dhabi Tourism &amp; Culture Authority. 
But during his run for president, Trump promised to sign a law banning “registered foreign lobbyists” from contributing to campaigns. FARA is the only law that registers foreign lobbyists. 
And since at least 2012, his business has been taking a FARA registrant’s money. 
Trump’s transition team initially included several advisers who were also foreign agents ― until they were dropped in the middle of November. One of them survived, however. Former Sen. Bob Dole (R-Kan.), a registered foreign agent for Taiwan and a senior transition aide, helped broker the controversial phone call between Trump and Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen in December. 
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment. 
The Abu Dhabi authority is not the only foreign government-backed organization paying Trump. The Industrial &amp; Commercial Bank of China, which is owned by that nation’s government, is also a Trump Tower tenant. In addition, The New York Times reported that Trump owes money to the Bank of China, another foreign government-owned entity. 
CORRECTION: This story previously said that Qatar Airways had headquarters at Trump Tower in Manhattan. The foreign government-owned airline was once located there, but has since moved. 
Sign up for the HuffPost Must Reads newsletter. Each Sunday, we will bring you the best original reporting, longform writing and breaking news from The Huffington Post and around the web, plus behind-the-scenes looks at how it’s all made. Click here to sign up! 
Do you have information you want to share with the Huffington Post? Here’s how. 
Suggest a correction 
Paul Blumenthal 
Money in Politics Reporter, The Huffington Post
MORE: 
Donald Trump Barack Obama Must Reads International News U.s. Presidential Elections 
CONVERSATIONS 
Close 
SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW MUST READS 
Every week, HuffPost Must Reads features a behind-the-scenes look at how longform journalism is made. We go under the hood. Why did the writer take that unexpected angle? How hard was it to get that source on the record? We're here to tell that story. 
Learn more 
Newsletter 
2.04 M 
1.12 M 
469 K 
Podcast 
Add us on Snapchat 
Donald Trump's Company Is Receiving Direct Payments From Foreign Agents Right Now 
NEW! HIGHLIGHT AND SHARE 
Highlight text to share via Facebook and Twitter 
Advertise 
RSS 
Careers 
FAQ 
User Agreement 
Privacy 
Comment Policy 
About Us 
About Our Ads 
Contact Us 
Archive 
Copyright &copy 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. &quot;The Huffington Post&quot; is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Part of HuffPost &bull; HPMG News