H.S. Wrestling: DePaul on top in Passaic County            /">   SUBSCRIBE NOW for home delivery     Home   News    Weather    Icon  Humidity  Precip.  Winds  Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip " value="" /> Cancel Set Close settings Full Forecast   Local   Sports   Entertainment   Food   Opinion   Be Social   Obits   USA TODAY   USA TODAY NETWORK   Photo-Video   Cars   Homes   Jobs   Business Directory   Marketplace   More  Home  News Weather  Local  Sports  Entertainment  Food  Opinion Be Social Obits  USA TODAY USA TODAY NETWORK Photo-Video Cars Homes Jobs Business Directory Marketplace    Social    Follow    Search       Get the news Log In or Subscribe to skip  Already a subscriber? Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access.      
199
Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about  Facebook Email Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest  H.S. Wrestling: DePaul on top in Passaic County For the fifth straight season, DePaul is the Passaic County champion.    Post to Facebook    H.S. Wrestling: DePaul on top in Passaic County &#13;&#13;For the fifth straight season, DePaul is the Passaic County champion. &#13;&#13;Check out this story on northjersey.com: http://northjersy.news/2jD7ji8 
{#
#}
Cancel Send  Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address.  Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.    Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs       H.S. Wrestling: DePaul on top in Passaic County  Sean Farrell , Staff Writer, @seanfarrell92 
10:25 p.m. ET Jan. 28, 2017
DePaul's Brandon Kui stayed in control as he became a Passaic County champion on Saturday. (Photo: Sandy Stucki, Staff Photographer)   
199
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE  WEST MILFORD – The championship required seven hard-fought hours for DePaul. The title for Brandon Kui took just six minutes and 55 seconds. DePaul came to win and Kui came to dominate at the Passaic County wrestling tournament. Each came away happy. The kings of Passaic County wrestling earned another crown. The Spartans won the tournament for the fifth year in a row, while their decorated senior made quick work as he earned his fourth and final gold on Saturday at West Milford High School. “We all have the right mind-set,” said Kui, who won at 182. “We’re all going to practice trying to get better. We’re not taking any shortcuts. We don’t need people telling us to work hard. We have people in the room pushing each other so everyone has the same goals.” Kui pinned all three of his opponents on Saturday to stay unbeaten in Passaic County tournament matches. The Columbia-bound wrestler beat Wayne Hills’ Justin Ramirez in the final in 3:32 during his longest match of the day. “He’s been a great role model,” DePaul’s Connor O’Neil said. “He does everything right on and off the mat. Brandon is like a big brother and has helped me to keep on track with my weight and my training.” O’Neil impressed teammates and coaches with a 20-7 major decision victory in the 120-pound final over Clifton’s Matthew DePasque. The freshman, who hopes to become the next great DePaul wrestler, said he came to the Wayne school because of state champions like Kui and former Spartan Dave McFadden. “He could do better than me or Dave did,” Kui said of O'Neil. “He’s on the right path.” “He’s already proved that he can compete with the top at Atlantic City. He’s working hard and continuing to get better as the season goes on. He definitely has a bright future.” DePaul scored 177 points to win the team-wide race over Passaic Valley and Wayne Valley. The Hornets became the runners-up with 146 points, getting titles from Nick DeNora and Kenny Kerwin. The Indians were third, with championships coming from Connor Murphy and Nick Trani. But the Spartans were too strong and too balanced. Two other wrestlers finished first – Nicky Cabanillas (132) and Joseph Soreco (220). “You just need to push the kids and challenge the kids,” DePaul coach Keith Karsen said. “Look at our records coming into the tournament compared to other teams. I have state place winners with six or seven losses because they’re getting pushed and they’re getting challenged and that’s what makes you better.” DePaul has become one of North Jersey’s wrestling dynasties during Karsen’s tenure. He wrestled for the Spartans’ first Passaic County championship team in 1987, the school’s only one before the current streak began. The titles have come more quickly over the last few years. It’s something Karsen attributes to his team’s out-of-state competition. “We’re together all the time,” Karsen said. “We spend a lot of time traveling. We’ll be gone for two or three nights at a time, in hotels and gyms together and driving six hours to Pittsburgh. Everyone spends a heck of a lot of time together.” For Kui, his medal gives him some peace of mind. He can leave just as he started. A champion. “It was definitely nice to be part of four in a row,” Kui said. “It was a team effort. We knew what we had to do and we got the job done.”  
199
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE