Dolly Parton surprised by 'Coat of Many Colors'... NATIONAL NEWS, HEADLINES, STORIES AND LATEST NEWS
NATIONAL NEWS, HEADLINES, STORIES AND LATEST NEWS 
shares 
Search
Standout 
Trending Topics 
Sports 
Celebs 
Society 
Spotlight 
Dolly Parton surprised by &lsquo;Coat of Many Colors&rsquo; success | Dolly Parton
UPDATED 9 months ago 
Dolly Parton
MORRISON - Dolly Parton&rsquo;s Pure and Simple Tour will be making a stop at Red Rocks on July 27.
MOOSE JAW, Sask. - Mosaic Place in Moose Jaw will be bringing one of country&rsquo;s biggest superstars to the Friendly City on September 13th.
Mickey Guyton got the surprise of her life when she got to meet her idol, Dolly Parton , recently thanks to CBS This Morning.
Dolly Parton &rsquo;s recent made-for-TV movie, Coat of Many Colors, starring Jennifer Nettles and Ricky Schroder, became the most-watched movie on broadcast TV in three years when it aired in December.  Dolly Parton addressed North Carolina&rsquo;s controversial law that discriminates against transgender people during a conference call with reporters.
Dolly Parton has invited her Facebook fans to ride along during her 2016 Annual Homecoming Parade.
Growing up in the East Tennessee mountains, Dolly Parton sure knows her way around a traditional Southern meal.  Dolly Parton is one of the most easily recognized country artists in the world, and while she may be most well-known for her voice and her one-of-a-kind looks, her fans have always been drawn to her spirit.
On Friday Dolly Parton&rsquo;s Homecoming Parade to Stream Online was a top pop story.
Dolly Parton announces 2016 North American tour her largest in 25 years, Performing in over 60 cities also her New double disc album on March 7, 2016 at NOVE Entertainment in Nashville, Tennessee. (Photo: Rick Diamond/Getty Images for Webster PR,  Dolly Parton is the reigning queen of country music, storytelling, hair, humor, charm, and well, let&rsquo;s face it, pretty much everything.
Dolly Parton and Katy Perry gave a performance to remember when the two joined forces during the 2016 ACM Awards.
This May, Dolly Parton has a very special date with her husband, Carl Dean, to celebrate their 50th wedding anniversary. &ldquo;I&rsquo;ve got a beautiful, fancy wedding dress and he&rsquo;s got a fine suit,&rdquo; Dolly, 70, reveals. 
Dolly Parton 
Copyright &#169; 2014. 
NATIONAL NEWS, HEADLINES, STORIES AND LATEST NEWS