Trump Sets 5-Year and Lifetime Lobbying Ban for Officials - NBC News 
Sections  
Nightly News 
MSNBC 
Meet the Press 
Dateline 
Today 
Search 
Search 
Share on Facebook 
Share on Twitter 
Email page link 
Secondary Navigation 
Sections 
U.S. 
World 
Local 
Politics 
Investigations 
Health 
Mach 
Tech 
Science 
BETTER 
Pop Culture 
Lifestyle 
Business 
Weather 
Sports 
Latino 
Asian America 
NBCBLK 
NBC OUT 
Top Ongoing 
ISIS Terror 
Robert Durst 
TV 
Nightly News 
Meet The Press 
Dateline 
Today 
Featured 
NBC News VR 
Your Business 
Inspiring America 
NBCBLK28 
Multimedia 
Video 
Photo 
More From NBC 
Sports 
CNBC 
MSNBC.com 
NBC.com 
NBC Learn 
Re/Code 
Peacock Productions 
Next Steps for Vets 
Parent Toolkit 
NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on
Feedback 
advertisement 
advertisement 
News 
U.S. news
World 
Investigations 
Crime &amp; Courts 
Asian America 
Latino 
NBCBLK 
News 
Jan 28 2017, 5:42 pm ET 
Trump Sets 5-Year and Lifetime Lobbying Ban for Officials 
by Associated Press 
Share 
Share 
Tweet 
Share 
Comment 
Email 
Print 
advertisement 
Play 
Facebook 
Twitter 
Google Plus 
Embed 
Trump Targets ISIS in New Round of Executive Orders 
2:28 
autoplay 
autoplay 
Copy this code to your website or blog 
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump acted Saturday to fulfill a key portion of his pledge to &quot;drain the swamp&quot; in Washington, banning administration officials from ever lobbying the U.S. on behalf of a foreign government and imposing a separate five-year ban on other lobbying. 
Administration officials described the bans as historic in scope. But it was not immediately clear how either one would be enforced. 
Trump has said individuals who want to aid him in his quest to &quot;Make America Great Again&quot; should focus on the jobs they will be doing to help the American people, and not thinking about the future income they could rake in by peddling their influence after serving in government. 
Related: Trump Signs Order Suspending Admission of Syrian Refugees 
&quot;Most of the people standing behind me will not be able to go to work,&quot; Trump joked, referring to an array of White House officials lined up behind him as he sat at his desk in the Oval Office. The officials included Vice President Mike Pence, chief of staff Reince Priebus, senior strategist Steve Bannon and counselor Kellyanne Conway. &quot;So you have one last chance to get out.&quot; 
Trump said he talked about the ban a lot during the campaign and &quot;we're now putting it into effect.&quot; 
In a separate action Saturday, Trump took steps to begin restructuring the White House National Security Council. Aides said the changes would help the council better adapt to cyber, digital, terrorist and other modern-day threats. A third action gives the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the president's top military advisers, 30 days to prepare a plan to defeat the Islamic State group. 
Related: Trump Travel Restrictions Leave Refugees Stranded: Reports 
Trump had released the plan for a lobbying ban a few weeks before the November election. It would ban all executive-branch officials from lobbying for five years after leaving their government jobs, and impose a lifetime ban on lobbying for a foreign government — one of several promised policies aimed at curbing the influence of lobbyists. 
Some have argued that the ban could make it difficult for Trump to fill thousands of jobs across the administration, saying some candidates may chafe at being asked to agree to the ban and turn down job offers as a result. 
The phrase &quot;'drain the swamp'&quot; became a staple of the final month of Trump's presidential campaign, with crowds chanting it as loudly as they had been shouting &quot;build the wall&quot; and &quot;lock her up,&quot; references to the wall Trump wants built on the U.S.-Mexico border and his defeated opponent, Hillary Clinton, respectively. 
It remained part of Trump's postelection &quot;thank you&quot; tour of states he won, as audiences shouted along when he vowed to curtail corruption in Washington. 
By Darlene Superville of the Associated Press. Associated Press writer Julie Bykowicz contributed to this report. 
Associated Press 
Topics U.S. news , National Security , Politics News , White House 
First Published Jan 28 2017, 5:42 pm ET 
Next Story 
Robert Harward Turns Down Offer to Become President Trump&#x27;s National Security Adviser 
advertisement 
advertisement 
advertisement 
About Us 
Careers 
Contact 
Privacy Policy
New 
Terms of Service 
nbcnews.com Site Map 
Advertise 
AdChoices 
&copy; 2017 NBCnews.com