Simmonds, Gretzky engineer Metropolitans&#039; All-Star Game win - San Antonio Express-News 
Subscribe 
Sign In 
Register 
Home 
Subscribe 
Buy E-N Merchandise 
Contact Us 
About Us 
Advertise With Us 
Subscriber Services 
Place a Classified Ad 
Privacy Policy 
Site Terms of Use 
Newsletters & Text Alerts 
Find a Business in S.A. 
News Archives 
Premieres, new programs ahead for The Playhouse San Antonio 
Accused San Antonio man is his own lawyer — but doesn’t 
Man killed in Tuesday collision identified 
Attorney General’s office seeks San Antonio records in general 
Local 
S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo 
News by Neighborhood 
Texas 
Obituaries 
Traffic 
Weather 
Lake and River Levels 
S.A. History 
Guide to San Antonio 
San Antonio Charity 
Breaking News Video 
Classified Marketplace 
Driver killed in possible street-racing accident identified 
Accused San Antonio man is his own lawyer — but doesn’t 
Man killed in Tuesday collision identified 
Attorney General’s office seeks San Antonio records in general 
US & World 
Breaking News Anywhere 
Border & Mexico 
US 
World 
Health Care 
Politics 
Military 
Track Flights 
Strange News 
Despite gov't claims, 'Dreamer' lawyers say gang ties false 
Vatican inequality talks start in California farm heartland 
Newark cardinal joins lobbyists on trip to Washington 
Despite charges, Brazil's Lula eyes another run 
Business 
Local 
Eagle Ford & Energy 
National & International 
Automotive News 
Top Workplaces in S.A. 
Technology 
Business Features 
Finance Features 
Business Careers 
Tech Features 
Press Releases 
New Braunfels’ Rush Enterprises meets Wall Street estimates 
San Antonio home prices kept rising in January 
Computer hackers steal San Antonio Symphony employee data 
USAA Real Estate takes $33.9M mortgage for La Cantera apartments 
Sports 
San Antonio Spurs 
Sports Nation 
S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo 
NBA 
NFL 
MLB 
Soccer 
Colleges 
College Football 
College Basketball 
High School Scores 
High Schools 
Steele promotes Saenz to head football coach 
Basketball: Thursday&#8217;s high school results 
Football: Steele promotes Saenz to head coach 
Hot-shooting Rice duo blisters Roadrunners during wild 
Food 
Restaurants 
Food Voted Best in S.A. 
Recipes & Cooking 
Bars & Drinks 
Snacks and Entertaining 
Guide to Food in S.A. 
Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate 
Turn out the lights — Lüke on the River Walk is closing 
Restaurant review: Bite blurs line between bistro and bar 
S.A. scores 2 James Beard nominations 
365 Days of Tacos: Week 6 roundup 
Entertainment 
What S.A. is Watching 
Things To Do 
Fiesta 2017 
Rodeo 2017 
Celebrity Buzz 
Comics 
Puzzles 
Horoscope 
Movies & TV 
Music & Stage 
Arts & Culture 
Guide to San Antonio 
Readers' Choice 
Photos at S.A. Parties 
'On the Road Again' — Willie is back 
Premieres, new programs ahead for The Playhouse San Antonio 
San Antonio reality TV show announces host and premiere 
Meet the S.A. 'chola' with hundreds of thousands of fans online 
Lifestyle 
Wedding Announcements 
Bridal Ideas 
Travel & Outdoors 
Destinations 
Health & Family 
Senior Living 
Home & Garden 
Holidays 
Trends & Style 
Beauty and Fashion Tips 
Better Living Tips 
Parenting 
Pets 
Green Living 
Meet the S.A. firm cooking up cutting-edge restaurant design 
Houston rips off San Antonio's rip off of Austin's 'I love you so 
Photos: Chip and Joanna Gaines tour the Alamo, Hotel Emma while 
Medicaid block grants could hurt seniors 
Opinion 
Editorials 
Commentary 
Letters to the Editor 
Columnists 
Third & Ave. E 
Editorial Cartoons 
Josh Brodesky 
Robert Seltzer 
O. Ricardo Pimentel 
Bruce Davidson 
Maria Anglin 
Gloria Padilla 
Extreme vetting? Not for Trump nominees, apparently 
Immigration — new management, same old story 
Your Turn: Feb. 17 
R.I.P voter ID — we should all be hoping 
Cars 
Car Tips and Help 
News & Reviews 
Vehicle Search 
Car Features 
Latest Car Reviews 
Western-themed high-end 1794 Edition makes Tundra the ultimate 
Nissan rolls out a new Titan half-ton pickup with V-8 power and 
Volkswagen will show ‘Weekend Edition’ of its new 2018 Atlas 
Jobs 
Salary Wizard 
Top Workplaces 
Career Features 
'Day Without Immigrants': Protest closes restaurants in US 
Trump's contempt for trade deals spurs anxiety: What's next? 
GOP leaders unveil new health law outline, divisions remain 
Homes 
Home Search 
Apartment Search 
Land 
Rentals 
Open Houses 
New Homes Search 
Hill Country Living 
New Construction 
Real Estate Tips 
Home Yard Tips 
Home DIY 
Home Decorating 
Open houses in the San Antonio area this weekend 
San Antonio homes for rent 
Luxury Home Gallery 
Sitterle New Homes 
ExpressNews.com 
Menu Sections 
http://www.mysanantonio.com/sports/article/Simmonds-Gretzky-engineer-Metropolitans-10892735.php 
Simmonds, Gretzky engineer Metropolitans' All-Star Game win 
Greg Beacham, Ap Hockey Writer 
Updated 1:02 am, Monday, January 30, 2017
Photo: Mark J. Terrill, AP
Image 1 of / 13 
Caption Close 
Image 1 of 13 
Metropolitan Division forward Wayne Simmonds, of the Philadelphia Flyers, scores on Atlantic Division goalie Carey Price, of the Montreal Canadiens, during an NHL All-Star hockey game at Staples Center, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Los Angeles. less 
Metropolitan Division forward Wayne Simmonds, of the Philadelphia Flyers, scores on Atlantic Division goalie Carey Price, of the Montreal Canadiens, during an NHL All-Star hockey game at Staples Center, Sunday, ... more 
Photo: Mark J. Terrill, AP
Image 2 of 13 
Members of the NHL 100 All-Stars line up prior to an NHL All-Star hockey game at Staples Center, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Los Angeles. 
Members of the NHL 100 All-Stars line up prior to an NHL All-Star hockey game at Staples Center, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Los Angeles. 
Photo: Mark J. Terrill, AP
Image 3 of 13 
Atlantic Division's Tuukka Rask, center, of the Boston Bruins, reacts after allowing a goal to Metropolitan Division's Alex Ovechkin, right, of the Washington Capitals, during the NHL hockey All-Star game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Los Angeles. less 
Atlantic Division's Tuukka Rask, center, of the Boston Bruins, reacts after allowing a goal to Metropolitan Division's Alex Ovechkin, right, of the Washington Capitals, during the NHL hockey All-Star game, ... more 
Photo: Jae C. Hong, AP
Image 4 of 13 
Pacific Division's Joe Pavelski(8), of the San Jose Sharks, shoots to score against Central Division goalie Devan Dubnyk, of the Minnesota Wild, as teammate Jeff Carter(77), of the Los Angeles Kings, watches during the NHL hockey All-Star game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Los Angeles. less 
Pacific Division's Joe Pavelski(8), of the San Jose Sharks, shoots to score against Central Division goalie Devan Dubnyk, of the Minnesota Wild, as teammate Jeff Carter(77), of the Los Angeles Kings, watches ... more 
Photo: Jae C. Hong, AP
Image 5 of 13 
The puck hit by Pacific Division's Johnny Gaudreau, foreground, of the Calgary Flames, enters the net for a goal past Central Division goalie Devan Dubnyk, of the Minnesota Wild, during the NHL hockey All-Star game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Los Angeles. less 
The puck hit by Pacific Division's Johnny Gaudreau, foreground, of the Calgary Flames, enters the net for a goal past Central Division goalie Devan Dubnyk, of the Minnesota Wild, during the NHL hockey All-Star ... more 
Photo: Jae C. Hong, AP
Image 6 of 13 
Atlantic Division forward Brad Marchand, left, of the Boston Bruins, falls while under pressure from Metropolitan Division forward Alex Ovechkin, of the Washington Capitals, during an NHL All-Star hockey game at Staples Center, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Los Angeles. less 
Atlantic Division forward Brad Marchand, left, of the Boston Bruins, falls while under pressure from Metropolitan Division forward Alex Ovechkin, of the Washington Capitals, during an NHL All-Star hockey game ... more 
Photo: Mark J. Terrill, AP
Image 7 of 13 
Pittsburgh Penguins's Sidney Crosby, right, of the Pittsburgh Penguins, celebrates his goal with Alex Ovechkin, of the Washington Capitals, during the NHL hockey All-Star game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Los Angeles. less 
Pittsburgh Penguins's Sidney Crosby, right, of the Pittsburgh Penguins, celebrates his goal with Alex Ovechkin, of the Washington Capitals, during the NHL hockey All-Star game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Los ... more 
Photo: Jae C. Hong, AP
Image 8 of 13 
Metropolitan Division goalie Braden Holtby, of the Washington Capitals, reaches for the puck during an NHL All-Star hockey game against the Atlantic Division at Staples Center, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Los Angeles. less 
Metropolitan Division goalie Braden Holtby, of the Washington Capitals, reaches for the puck during an NHL All-Star hockey game against the Atlantic Division at Staples Center, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Los ... more 
Photo: Mark J. Terrill, AP
Image 9 of 13 
Metropolitan Division forward John Tavares, right, of the New York Islanders, scores against Atlantic Division goalie Tuukka Rask, of the Boston Bruins, during an NHL All-Star hockey game at Staples Center, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Los Angeles. less 
Metropolitan Division forward John Tavares, right, of the New York Islanders, scores against Atlantic Division goalie Tuukka Rask, of the Boston Bruins, during an NHL All-Star hockey game at Staples Center, ... more 
Photo: Mark J. Terrill, AP
Image 10 of 13 
Metropolitan Division forward Alex Ovechkin, right, of the Washington Capitals, scores against Atlantic Division goalie Tuukka Rask, of the Boston Bruins, during an NHL All-Star hockey game at Staples Center, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Los Angeles. less 
Metropolitan Division forward Alex Ovechkin, right, of the Washington Capitals, scores against Atlantic Division goalie Tuukka Rask, of the Boston Bruins, during an NHL All-Star hockey game at Staples Center, ... more 
Photo: Mark J. Terrill, AP
Image 11 of 13 
Metropolitan Division's Wayne Simmonds, right, of the Philadelphia Flyers, scores against Atlantic Division goalie Carey Price, of the Montreal Canadiens, during the NHL hockey All-Star game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Los Angeles. less 
Metropolitan Division's Wayne Simmonds, right, of the Philadelphia Flyers, scores against Atlantic Division goalie Carey Price, of the Montreal Canadiens, during the NHL hockey All-Star game, Sunday, Jan. 29, ... more 
Photo: Jae C. Hong, AP
Image 12 of 13 
Metropolitan Division's Wayne Simmonds, left, of the Philadelphia Flyers, and goalie Braden Holtby, of the Washington Capitals, celebrate their team's win against the Pacific Division in the NHL hockey All-Star championship game, Sunday, Jan. 29, 2017, in Los Angeles. less 
Metropolitan Division's Wayne Simmonds, left, of the Philadelphia Flyers, and goalie Braden Holtby, of the Washington Capitals, celebrate their team's win against the Pacific Division in the NHL hockey All-Star ... more 
Photo: Jae C. Hong, AP
Image 13 of 13 
Simmonds, Gretzky engineer Metropolitans' All-Star Game win 
1 / 13 
Back to Gallery 
LOS ANGELES (AP) &mdash; Wayne Simmonds ' first All-Star weekend after a nine-year NHL career was strange enough. Having Wayne Gretzky for a coach made it even more surreal. 
And after he scored the tiebreaking goal to become the All-Star Game MVP in his former home city, the Philadelphia forward could only think of one word for his West Coast trip. 
"Weird," Simmonds said with a grin. 
Indeed, the 3-on-3 format of this revamped midseason showcase can lead to weird hockey. It also allows the game's biggest stars to create moments of offensive beauty, and Simmonds' winner with Taylor Hall certainly qualified. 
Simmonds completed his hat trick with 4:58 to play, and fill-in coach Gretzky led the Metropolitan Division to a 4-3 victory over the Pacific Division on Sunday in the final match of the 62nd NHL All-Star Game. 
Columbus' Cam Atkinson scored the tying goal five seconds earlier for the Metropolitans in the four-team divisional tournament format of wide-open hockey introduced to this talent-laden exhibition last season. Washington goalie Braden Holtby blanked the Pacific over the final 10 minutes to secure the win for his 11-man bunch, which will split a $1 million prize. 
Simmonds won the truck awarded to the game's MVP after he put the Metropolitans ahead with a clever goal. Right off the faceoff following Atkinson's goal, Simmonds playfully flicked the helmet of Drew Doughty , his former Los Angeles teammate, to distract the Norris Trophy-winning defenseman. Simmonds then skated around him and converted a pass from New Jersey's Hall. 
"I just took off," Simmonds said. "I said to Hallsy before the game, 'I'm going to drive back-door on one of these plays, probably about a foot from the net. Just hit me with the puck. Hopefully, I can put it in.' It's exactly what we spoke about." 
Simmonds is still well-liked in LA nearly six years after he was traded to Philadelphia in a deal for Mike Richards . He's also in the middle of a potential career year with the Flyers after scoring 38 points in their first 50 games. 
"You leave a place, you don't expect to come back and get all the cheers as I did today," Simmonds said. "But I must have did something right when I was here. I know I had a lot of die-hard fans here, and I really appreciate those people. They made me feel really good today." 
Simmonds and Atkinson, a late addition to the team, scored three goals apiece. 
But the game was secondary when the NHL's best gathered on a 72-degree day in Hollywood. A sellout crowd at Staples Center cheered the first All-Star Game for Connor McDavid, Auston Matthews , Patrik Laine and a host of young talent. 
The All-Stars got an additional thrill before the game when roughly half of the 100 greatest players in NHL history lined up on the ice and shook hands with the current players during introductions. The greats then dropped a ceremonial first puck for each of the 44 All-Stars. 
It was also just the second All-Star appearance by Sidney Crosby , who hadn't been healthy for the game since 2007. 
"It felt more like a real game toward the end, blocking shots and things like that," the Pittsburgh captain said. "(To) see that transpire and see how it elevated as it went on, that was fun. Hopefully the fans enjoyed it, because as players we started to get into it, especially in the second half of that game." 
Crosby and Alex Ovechkin were played together by Gretzky, who stepped in to coach the Metropolitan team when Columbus' John Tortorella couldn't attend the weekend festivities due to an ailing dog. 
Shortly before Atkinson and Simmonds scored, an apparent deflection goal by the Pacific was taken off the board when McDavid was ruled offside. Gretzky's players thought he had successfully challenged it, although the goal review apparently originated in the league offices in Toronto. 
Either way, Gretzky reacted with roaring laughter when the goal was disallowed. He didn't stick around Staples Center afterward to talk about his tactical genius, but Simmonds thought Gretzky deserved the credit for leading the Metropolitans to victory. 
"Helped us win, right? That was the point," Simmonds said. "That was the game-changer. That was the decision. Obviously he's got a great hockey mind. He pulls that card. It's offside. Come back, score two goals and we win the game, so obviously it was a great decision." 
The Pacific beat the Blackhawk-dominated Central Division team 10-3 in the first 20-minute semifinal, and the Metropolitan team beat the Atlantic 10-6 in the second. Minnesota coach Bruce Boudreau didn't love the laid-back vibe on his Central team, which had four Chicago Blackhawks . 
"The guys are here on their break having fun," Boudreau said. "You aren't going to get the intensity of a Stanley Cup Final, but the intensity of a preseason game would be good every now and again." 
McDavid, the 20-year-old NHL scoring leader, didn't use his peerless speed to dominate, but he got one of the afternoon's best goals early in the final. He slipped behind the Metropolitan defense, got a pinpoint long pass from Anaheim's Ryan Kesler and beat Sergei Bobrovsky's poke check with a nimble stop and a push shot while falling to his knees. 
___ 
Follow AP Hockey Writer Greg Beacham on Twitter: www.twitter.com/gregbeacham 
The Latest 
Steele announces new head football coach 
Driver killed in possible street-racing accident ID'd 
Meet the S.A. 'chola' with hundreds of thousands of fans online 
'On the Road Again' — Willie is back 
New policy to decriminalize marijuana in Harris County will... 
Castro: 'Trump has started his mass deportation plan' 
Turn out the lights — Lüke on the River Walk is closing 
Feds sweep up San Antonio ISD trustee Hernandez on wire fraud... 
Google doc exposes the funny, heartbreaking texts people want... 
Former ‘Harry Potter’ star to pose nude for Playboy 
Reports: S.A. woman sues Chip and Joanna Gaines' Magnolia Market 
Twitter reacts to Trump's wild press conference 
Wildest quotes from Donald Trump's presser 
#daywithoutimmigrants mostly quiet in San Antonio 
FBI, IRS raid senator's S.A. office 
What we know about Sen. Uresti’s ties to FourWinds 
Former FourWinds exec charged in alleged fraud tied to Uresti 
25 things to do in S.A. this weekend 
Photos: S.A. goes country for S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo 
Graphic Photos: Blue Star goes kinky for BDSM show 
Leaked photos: Cartel ready for war post-'El Chapo' 
Where Mexican drug cartels hold sway in Texas 
Nicknames of notorious Mexican drug cartel figures 
Recent Breaking News 
Rain in San Antonio causing 'ponding' on Interstate 10, other... 
National crime show details family drama, turmoil that may... 
1 dead, undercover officers at scene of police-involved... 
School Score Database 
Most Popular 
1 
FBI, IRS raid state Sen. Carlos Uresti's San Antonio law office 
2 
S.A.-area father found safe after strange disappearance Super... 
3 
1 dead, undercover officers at scene of police-involved... 
4 
SAPD: Officers had sex on duty 
5 
One-time DACA recipient facing deportation in S.A. released 
6 
Former ‘Harry Potter’ Star to Pose Nude for Playboy 
7 
Jury gives San Antonio parents probation after child injury... 
0 ? $(this).attr('href') : document.location.href.replace('/article/','/articleComments/')); return false;" class="comments-btn" rel="nofollow"> View Comments 
&copy; 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. 
Logo 
Return to Top 
About 
Corporate Home 
Careers 
Advertising 
Ad Choices 
Terms & Conditions 
Privacy Policy 
Your California Privacy Rights 
Contact 
FAQ 
Newsroom Contacts 
Purchase Photos 
Place a Classified Ad 
Connect 
Newsletters 
Facebook 
Twitter 
Google+ 
Instagram 
Subscribe 
San Antonio Express-News 
ExpressNews.com 
iPad app 
eEdition 
Search Our News Archive 
Manage Your Subscription 
Hearst Newspapers 
&copy; Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC