Conway defends Trump immigration ban, ripped press 'a new one' over bias | Fox News 
Fox News 
Fox Business 
Fox News Go 
Fox News Radio 
Fox Nation 
Fox News Insider 
Fox News 
Politics 		
Expand/Collapse Search 
Home 
Video 
Politics 
U.S. 
Opinion 
Business 
Entertainment 
Tech 
Science 
Health 
Travel 
Lifestyle 
World 
On Air 
Politics Home
Transfer of Power
Executive
Senate
House
Defense
Judiciary
Fox News Poll
POLITICS 
Conway defends Trump immigration ban, ripped press &#x27;a new one&#x27; over bias 
By  	
Joseph Weber
Published
January 29, 2017 
FoxNews.com 
Facebook 0 
Twitter 0 	 
livefyre 
Email 
Print 
White House counselor Kellyanne Conway on Sunday defended President Trump’s order to temporarily ban immigration from seven mostly-Muslim nations -- and deflected criticism over countries like Saudi Arabia and Pakistan not being included in the ban.     
“These are countries that have a history of training, harboring, exporting terrorists,” Conway, counselor to the president, told “Fox News Sunday.” “We can’t keep pretending and looking the other way.”     
Conway said the Obama administration and Congress essentially came up with the list of seven, citing the Terrorist Prevention Act of 2015.     
A federal judge on Saturday evening issued an emergency order temporarily barring the administration from deporting people from those countries.     
Conway argued Sunday that the Brooklyn judge who issued the order is a President Obama appointee and that the judge’s order doesn't impact the thrust of Trump’s executive order -- preventing dangerous people from coming into the country, not detaining them.     
“The upside (is) greater protection of our borders, our people. That’s a small price to pay,” said Conway, arguing the ban impacts just roughly 1 percent of such travelers.     
In the wide-ranging interview 10 days into the Trump administration, Conway also attempted to explain why such countries as Afghanistan, Egypt, Pakistan and Saudi Arabia were not included in the ban.     
She said Trump is privy to intelligence reports that critics and others have not seen and suggested the list could change.     
“They can’t have it both ways on Trump,” she said. “The president and Congress will always have information we do not.&quot;     
Conway again on Sunday criticized the media for what she suggested is unfair coverage of the administration. And she questioned why news organizations haven’t fired the pundits, columnists, pollsters and others who failed to foresee Trump’s victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton.     
&quot;It’s a colossal failure that nobody wants to talk about,” she said.     
On her back-and-forth with reporters over such issues, Conway said, “I ripped them a new one.”     
Conway said Trump’s controversial plan to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border will not spark a destructive trade war between nations.     
She declined to say whether Trump’s nominee to fill a vacant Supreme Court seat will attempt to overturn Roe v. Wade, the high court’s landmark case on abortion.     
“That will come up in a person’s [confirmation] hearings,” said Conway, acknowledging that Trump is a pro-life president. “They will be asked about Roe v. Wade obsessively.”     
Advertisement 
Trending in Politics 
1 
Conservative activists to mobilize amid anti-Trump protests 
2 
Chaffetz seeks to charge ex-Clinton aide in email inquiry 
3 
Harward turns down Trump's national security adviser offer, sources say 
4 
Black lawmakers dismayed after Trump's invitation to black reporter 
5 
Jesse Jackson Jr. released from halfway house in Baltimore 
Site Index 
Sections 
Home 
Video 
Politics 
U.S. 
Opinion 
Entertainment 
Tech 
Science 
Health 
Travel 
Lifestyle 
World 
Sports 
Weather 
On Air 
Tools 
Live Video 
Trending 
Newsletters 
Alerts 
Blogs 
Mobile 
Podcasts 
Radio 
Apps &amp; Downloads 
About 
Careers 
College Students 
Fox Around the World 
Advertise With Us 
New Terms of Use (What's New) 
New Privacy Policy 
Ad Choices 
Contact Us 
Email Newsroom 
FAQ 
Media Relations 
Follow 
Facebook 
Twitter 
Google+ 
LinkedIn 
RSS 
Newsletters 
Fox News 
Back to Top 
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. &copy;2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ