Notre Dame tries to get back on track vs. Duke                    /">   SUBSCRIBE NOW to get full access     Home   News   Sports   Things to Do   Life   Travel   Opinion   Obituaries   Weather   Archives   Insider   USA TODAY   Media   More  Home News Sports Things to Do Life Travel Opinion Obituaries Weather Archives Insider USA TODAY Media        Follow    Search   Firefly  Hi  Already a subscriber? Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings. My Account  View the E-Newspaper  Manage your Newsletters  View your Insider deals and more  Member ID Card  Chat Support  Chat Support  Log Out       Get the news Log In or Subscribe to skip  Already a subscriber? Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access.      
2
Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about  Facebook Email Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest  Notre Dame tries to get back on track vs. Duke Notre Dame faces Duke on Big Monday.    Post to Facebook    Notre Dame tries to get back on track vs. Duke &#13;&#13;Notre Dame faces Duke on Big Monday. &#13;&#13;Check out this story on IndyStar.com: http://indy.st/2jLKdDL 
{#
#}
Cancel Send  Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address.  Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.    Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs       Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access.     Notre Dame tries to get back on track vs. Duke  Laken Litman , laken.litman@indystar.com 
7:47 p.m. ET Jan. 29, 2017
Jan 28, 2017; Atlanta, GA, USA; Notre Dame Fighting Irish head coach Mike Brey reacts in the second half of their game against the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets at McCamish Pavilion. The Yellow Jackets won 62-60. Mandatory Credit: Jason Getz-USA TODAY Sports (Photo: Jason Getz, Jason Getz-USA TODAY Sports)   
2
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE  SOUTH BEND — Mike Brey laughed at the question. Following Saturday’s buzzer-beating loss to Georgia Tech on the road, No. 12 Notre Dame has now dropped consecutive ACC games for the first time all year. So, is it time to worry? Time to panic? “Oh we never panic,” Brey said, smiling. “This is the most unpanicked program in the history of college basketball.” After charging out to a 5-0 start in league play, the Fighting Irish (17-5, 6-3) have lost three of its last four games and two in a row. Next up? Duke. On Big Monday. For most teams, a matchup against Duke (16-5, 4-4 ACC) is consistently one of the biggest of a season. But since joining the ACC in 2013-14, Notre Dame has beaten the Blue Devils five of six times, including the most recent meeting which was an overtime victory in last year’s ACC tournament. The Irish have played nine conference games and have a “back nine” to finish the regular season. Brey doesn’t consider Duke a “must win” though. “Not at all,” he said Sunday. “I told them, lets clean the slate. We were 3-2 on the road, we put ourselves in a great position, so I don’t think we’re in that situation. And I’m hoping that since we got out of the gate with five league wins and we have six (total ACC wins) here in late January, that maybe nothing is a must-win here in the regular season. We’ll see.” In order to keep this ultra-high confidence up, Notre Dame is going to have to do a couple things better than it did in the past week. Specifically, that’s getting back into an offensive rhythm and rebounding. In these last two losses, the Irish didn’t shoot higher than 41 percent from the field, scored 54 points against Virginia, 60 against Georgia Tech, and was out-rebounded by 16 and eight, respectively. “There were some things we didn’t do, like we didn’t get enough stops, and they got a lot of easy baskets in the paint,” Steve Vasturia said of Saturday’s loss to Georgia Tech. The Irish captain actually had one of his worst performances of the year, scoring five points on 1-of-7 shooting from the field and going 1-of-4 from 3. He also turned the ball over three times. “We gotta be better on the defensive backboard and I think that’s something we’re capable of and have done for the most part this year,” Vasturia added. “So just continuing to get back to that.” Notre Dame has the ACC’s top rebounder in Bonzie Colson, who is averaging more than 10 per game. As a team, however, the Irish rank 11th in the league, grabbing 32.7 per game. Brey noted his team has been so good offensively that they were able to absorb some putbacks and not worry about the boards as much. Over the last week, however, that hasn’t been the case — they had two offensive rebounds against UVA, nine against Georgia Tech. The previous season-low was seven, which they've had on a few occasions. Notre Dame had to clog up the lane against its last three opponents in Syracuse, Virginia and Georgia Tech but now faces a team that’s almost its equal from 3 — the Irish are second in the ACC, making 40 percent of its perimeter shots, while Duke is third, averaging 38 percent. The Blue Devils also have the best perimeter shooter in the league in Luke Kennard, who is making 56 percent of those shots and was described by Brey as “explosive.” He’s complemented by Grayson Allen, who drives inside and “gets them stuff,” Brey said. Notre Dame, however, has been successful defending the 3, forcing opponents to take tough shots and shoot less than 35 percent. Asked why they’ve been able to have so much success against this program, Vasturia just kind of shrugged. “I don’t know,” he said. “We’ve been able to play the way we play. It’s a great matchup for us.” Follow IndyStar Notre Dame Insider Laken Litman on Twitter and Instagram at @lakenlitman.  NO. 12 NOTRE DAME vs. NO. 17 DUKE  Tipoff: 7 p.m. Monday, Purcell Pavilion, South Bend, Ind.  TV:  ESPN.  Radio:   WXNT-AM (1430).  STORYLINES  • Although Bonzie Colson is the best rebounder in the ACC (averaging 10.6 per game), Notre Dame ranks 11th in the league, averaging 32.7 per game as a team. The Irish have been struggling on the backboard lately, which is a reason why it’s lost consecutive conference games. Last Tuesday, Virginia out-rebounded the Irish 38-22 and on Saturday, Georgia Tech took a 37-29 edge. Duke averages 35.9 rebounds per game, so this should be a battle Notre Dame wins. • Duke’s embattled star Grayson Allen is constantly under scrutiny. He was suspended earlier this year for tripping a player and is often in the spotlight for his behavior on the court. In Saturday’s win against Wake Forest, he got a technical foul after getting into a scuffle with another player. Will there be any issues against Notre Dame? • Notre Dame lost two games in a row earlier this season when it faced Villanova and Purdue back-to-back. If Duke wins, it would be the first time all year the Irish have lost three straight.  — Laken Litman  
2
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE    
TOP VIDEOS
Today in History for February 17th 1:37    Pacers fall to Wizards 111-98, lose sixth straight 1:34    NBA will bring star power for All-Star Saturday 0:56    Nicholas Baer on the danger of slow starts 0:33    What has been Tyler Cook&#39;s biggest college adjustment? 0:47    Insider Video: Old issues harm Hoosiers again in Minneapolis 4:12    Hot shooting lifts Butler into 2nd in league 1:17    MLB Spring Training: &#39;Cutie ball&#39; to return to Twins open house? 0:43   NEVER MISS OUT  Star Sports newsletter The top Indianapolis-area sports headlines delivered to your inbox every evening.  Privacy Notice  THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Star Sports newsletter NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827 Sign up
for more Newsletters