5 things to know from Ole Miss' recruiting weekend            /">   SUBSCRIBE NOW to get full access     Home   News   Sports   Upside   Magnolia   Opinion   Insider   Obituaries   Archives   USA TODAY   Media   More  Home News Sports Upside Magnolia Opinion Insider Obituaries Archives USA TODAY Media    Social    Follow    Search   Firefly  Hi  Already a subscriber? Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings. My Account  View the E-Newspaper  Manage your Newsletters  View your Insider deals and more  Member ID Card  Chat Support  Chat Support  Log Out       Get the news Log In or Subscribe to skip  Already a subscriber? Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access.      
14
Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about  Facebook Email Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest  5 things to know from Ole Miss' recruiting weekend Larrell Murchison is down to two schools, while Kam White felt sure with his decision and shed some light on D.D. Bowie.    Post to Facebook    5 things to know from Ole Miss' recruiting weekend &#13;&#13;Larrell Murchison is down to two schools, while Kam White felt sure with his decision and shed some light on D.D. Bowie. &#13;&#13;Check out this story on clarionledger.com: http://on.thec-l.com/2jLtdO2 
{#
#}
Cancel Send  Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address.  Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.    Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs       Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access.     5 things to know from Ole Miss&#39; recruiting weekend  Antonio Morales , The Clarion-Ledger 
Published 5:07 p.m. CT Jan. 29, 2017 | Updated 6:20 p.m. CT Jan. 29, 2017      Clinton's Kam White will announce his decision between Ole Miss and Minnesota on national signing day. (Photo: File/The Clarion-Ledger)   
14
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE  OXFORD - National signing day is almost upon us. As of Sunday afternoon, Ole Miss' recruiting class stood 53rd in the country and 13th in the SEC, according to 247SportsComposite. So the Rebels have three days to make up any sort of ground. Here are five things to know from Ole Miss' last weekend of official visits before Wednesday's signing day.  Murchison moves closer to decision Larrell Murchison, a three-star junior college defensive tackle from North Carolina, committed to Ole Miss in early January. His recruitment has heated up since and he's received offers from Texas and Georgia, which he visited last weekend. Murchison, who is 6-foot-4 and 277 pounds, said last Monday after his visit with the Bulldogs that he was still an Ole Miss commit but Georgia was atop his list with the Rebels. Now he's closer to making a decision after he visited Ole Miss this weekend.  RELATED: Ole Miss hires Tray Scott as defensive line coach  "I've still got Ole Miss and Georgia," Murchison said. "I'm just still going to take things into perspective and I'll have this decision by Monday." Texas is out of the running for the NJCAA All-American. Even though Murchison will likely make his decision Monday, he won't announce it until Wednesday. Murchison said coach Hugh Freeze cleared everything up in terms of what he needed to know about the NCAA's investigation into the Rebels' football program and what the possible scenarios, such as a bowl ban, would be. He also had questions about where he'd fit on the depth chart. Ole Miss lost D.J. Jones and Issac Gross, who both figured heavily into the defensive tackle rotation, to graduation. Murchison's brother, Farrell, a running back, also visited this weekend, and Larrell was hoping he could find a spot at Ole Miss. Clinton's White feels sure with choice Ole Miss' pursuit of Clinton three-star athlete Kam White picked up in the final months of 2016. At the time, he was committed to Iowa State, but he's since re-opened his recruitment , and the Rebels appear to be the favorite for the 6-foot-2, 203-pound White, who was in Oxford for his official visit with his family. "Me and my family made a decision last week," White said. "We wanted to come up here and make sure that decision we made was solidified. So I think we made the right decision."  RELATED: Get to know the Dandy Dozen: Kam White  White, who was a Dandy Dozen selection, will announce between Ole Miss and Minnesota on Wednesday. He lined up at receiver, safety and linebacker at Clinton. The Rebels' new receivers coach Jacob Peeler recruited White when he was at Cal, and White has spoken with Ole Miss' defensive coaches as well, but has no preference for either side of the ball, he said. White is the ninth-highest rated player, per 247Sports Composite. White on Morton's D.D. Bowie White saw firsthand how intense recruiting can be when his fellow Clinton teammate Cam Akers went through the process before eventually deciding on Florida State last month. He was a Dandy Dozen member and MS-AL All-Star Game teammates with Morton four-star athlete D.D. Bowie and considers him a friend. Bowie, an Ole Miss commit, is being pursued heavily by Mississippi State.  RELATED: A father and a top recruit, D.D. Bowie is still maturing  White sat next to Bowie during Ole Miss' basketball game against Baylor on Saturday and didn't believe the drama surrounding Bowie's recruitment was bothering him too much. "I don't think it's effecting him as much as everyone thinks it is," White said. "I think he's going to be fine. He's going to make the right decision for him. He's going to go where he wants to go, where he can play and do the most damage." White wasn't committal when asked if Bowie would be his teammate in college. "He might be. We don't know yet," White said. Bowie, who is the third-highest rated player in Mississippi, is set to announce between Ole Miss, Mississippi State, LSU and Alabama on Wednesday. Woullard still waiting on offer Presbyterian Christian running back Isaiah Woullard, who is the state's all-time leading rusher, would commit if receives an offer from Ole Miss, but as of Sunday morning it had not come. It will likely come down to what decisions other players make before Woullard receives an offer. "I understand that," he said. Woullard, whose dad played at Ole Miss, has offers from Southern Miss and Idaho. He said he'll likely end up at USM should he not receive an offer from the Rebels. Woullard and his family lost their home in the tornado that ripped through Hattiesburg  last weekend. "It's been hard having to pack, then head here. I've been praying, talking to my parents and everything," Woullard said. "It was scary. It was like a train coming in and hitting everything." Woullard said he and his family are staying in an apartment in Hattiesburg for now. Keith's mom has her heart set Three-star offensive tackle Khalil Keith, an Alabama native, is committed to Baylor but visited Ole Miss this weekend. The Rebels are in his final two. Ole Miss is recruiting Keith as a defensive tackle while Baylor is recruiting him as an offensive lineman. He told reporters on Sunday that he would go over his decision the next few days before announcing his choice at 10 a.m. Wednesday. His mother has a firm opinion on where she wants her son to be, though. "I wasn't impressed. I know it's the SEC and everybody is saying it's a great opportunity," Kyrel Keith said. "But when your heart is in one place, it's just what it is. Baylor did everything right. The academics were on point, the staff was excellent. I just feel like that's where he should be." Contact Antonio Morales at 601-961-7117 or amorales2@gannett.com . Follow him on Twitter .  
14
CONNECT  TWEET  LINKEDIN  COMMENT  EMAIL  MORE    
TOP VIDEOS
Today in History for February 17th 1:37    NBA will bring star power for All-Star Saturday 0:56    Nicholas Baer on the danger of slow starts 0:33    What has been Tyler Cook&#39;s biggest college adjustment? 0:47    MLB Spring Training: &#39;Cutie ball&#39; to return to Twins open house? 0:43    Early MLB spring training headlines 1:22    Westminster Winner Enjoys Steak Lunch 1:15    Director Peter Berg dishes on new TV show &#39;QB1: Beyond the Lights&#39; 6:56    These four NFL players could get a franchise tag 1:40    Purdue 74, Rutgers 55: Boilermakers reaction 5:27