Colts hire Kansas City&#039;s Chris Ballard as general manager - Houston Chronicle 
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week 
Sign In 
Home 
Contact Chron 
About Houston Chronicle 
Advertise with Us 
Place a Classified Ad 
Niche Publication Ads 
Careers 
Chron Shop 
Privacy Policy 
Terms of Use 
Newsletters 
Subscribe 
HC Archives 
Gov Abbott tells NFL to back off from threats 
Photos: A slice of the Caribbean is coming to Houston 
Houston star’s ex-husband under investigation for rape 
Reward offered for Texas man with 'pimpish' neck tattoo 
Local 
Neighborhoods 
Houston & Texas News 
Traffic 
Weather 
Weather 
Radar & Forecasts 
Houston Weather 
Severe Weather News 
Hurricane Guide 
Education 
Politics & Policy 
Politics & Policy 
Texas Politics 
Chronicle Investigates 
Obituaries 
Staff & Reader Blogs 
Classifieds 
Columnists 
Opinions & Editorials 
Opinions & Editorials 
Opinion 
Editorials 
Letters to the Editor 
Outlook 
Nick Anderson Cartoons 
La Voz (Espa&#241;ol) 
Houston's History 
DA's new plan would keep low-level pot smokers out of jail, save 
Reports: San Antonio woman sues Chip and Joanna Gaines' Magnolia 
Man wanted for allegedly sexually abusing 13-year-old Harris 
Businesses across state close in support of immigrants as 
US & World 
US News 
World News 
Crime 
The Americas 
Politics 
Science & Environment 
Strange & Weird News 
Videos 
Long-lost Winston Churchill essay reveals his thoughts on aliens 
The internet couldn't stop creating epic memes from Donald Trump 
New Orleans woman clings to her 8-week-old baby as tornado slings 
Twitter goes nuts for #ThingsYouThoughtWereReal 
Sports 
Texans 
Rockets 
Astros 
Dynamo 
High School 
Colleges 
UH 
Rice 
UT 
A&M 
Outdoors 
Texas Sports Nation 
Buy Tickets 
Super Bowl LI 
Langham Creek knocks off Hightower, advances to quarterfinals 
Rice handles UTSA, notches 5th straight conference win 
Atif Russell sparks Houston Baptist over Sam Houston 
Vanderbilt snaps home skid, defeats Texas A&M 
Business 
Energy (Fuel Fix) 
Technology 
Real Estate 
Money Tips 
Business Insider 
Press Releases 
Small Business Mgmt 
Chron 100 
Top Workplaces 
Sponsored Content 
Legal Notices 
Business Directory 
Construction resumes after mishap at Hines' San Francisco tower 
Davis Holdings buys Midtown office building 
Suitsupply opens 2nd Houston location in The Woodlands 
RigNet leases new Energy Corridor headquarters 
A&E 
Preview 
Guides to Houston 
Restaurants & Bars 
Music 
Movies 
Arts & Theater 
Rolling Stone 
Us Weekly 
Radar Online 
Horoscopes 
Books 
Events & Things To Do 
Puzzles & Games 
Comics 
Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work 
Take a look at Mardi Gras through the years 
Ranking the Best Documentaries 
Bands compete in Mariachi Invitational 
Life 
Health 
Health 
The Doctors 
Men's Journal 
Live Healthy 
Escapes 
Style 
Mom Houston 
Luxe Life 
Houston Belief 
Food & Cooking 
Food & Cooking 
Food & Cooking 
Alison Cook 
Restaurant Reviews 
Whine & Dine 
Top 100 Restaurants 
Society 
Travel 
Travel 
Flight Tracker 
Texas Road Trips 
Travel 
Pets 
Houston Gives 
Weddings &amp; Celebrations 
Sponsored Content 
The most beautiful places in all 50 states 
2017 RodeoHouston concert lineup 
Houston airport restroom technology takes a step into the future 
Philanthropists and foodies celebrate Valentine's Day with 
Jobs 
Advanced search 
Browse job categories 
Salary Wizard 
Career Rescue 
Careers in Engineering 
Salute to Nurses 
Work & Career Advice 
Post a Job 
Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? 
These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K 
Set a career goal for every month of 2016 
The highest-paying entry-level jobs 
Cars 
Cars & Auto News 
Heidi's Cars Blog 
New Car Search 
Used Car Search 
Certified Car Search 
Houston Auto Dealers 
The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit 
Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH 
Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain 
BMW turns 100 years old: A look back 
Real Estate 
New Homes 
Second Homes 
Home Price Survey 
Mortgages 
Commercial Real Estate 
Farms & Ranches 
Senior Living 
Chron Homes App 
Private Party Ads 
Summer Showcase 
My Perfect Hous(e)ton 
Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction 
Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community 
Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas 
Menu Sections 
http://www.chron.com/sports/texans/article/Colts-hire-Kansas-City-s-Ballard-as-general-10892758.php 
Colts hire Kansas City's Chris Ballard as general manager 
Updated 11:36 pm, Sunday, January 29, 2017
Photo: Michael Conroy, AP
Image 1 of / 1 
Caption Close 
Image 1 of 1 
Indianapolis Colts owner Jim Irsay is turning to another first-time general manager to get his franchise back on track. 
Indianapolis Colts owner Jim Irsay is turning to another first-time general manager to get his franchise back on track. 
Photo: Michael Conroy, AP
Colts hire Kansas City's Chris Ballard as general manager 
1 / 1 
Back to Gallery 
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) &mdash; Indianapolis Colts owner Jim Irsay is turning to another first-time general manager to get his franchise back on track. 
Eight days after firing Ryan Grigson and conducting a week of interviews, Irsay hired former Kansas City Chiefs executive Chris Ballard . 
The announcement came Sunday on the team's website. 
"Chris has a solid reputation throughout the National Football League as a heavyweight executive and our extensive discussions with him confirmed that reputation," Irsay said in a statement released by the team. "He's a savvy, organized, and thorough talent evaluator, but beyond that, he's a terrific person our community will be proud of." 
Ballard has never previously served as a team's top decision-maker, but he comes with a long history as a scout and front-office experience. 
He was hired by the Chiefs in 2013 as the director of player personnel and was promoted to director of football operations under current GM John Dorsey in 2015. 
Last season, the Chiefs earned the No. 2 seed in the AFC playoffs and they've been a consistent playoff contender despite not having a Pro Bowl quarterback. 
Like Grigson, Ballard worked with coach Andy Reid . And like Grigson, the move comes after most teams had already announced offseason coaching and front office changes. 
"I am so thankful to Mr. Irsay and his entire family for this opportunity to join the Colts organization," Ballard said. "I appreciate everyone who has been involved in the search process. I look forward to working with (coach) Chuck (Pagano) and his staff, the personnel staff, and all the outstanding Colts employees. 
Irsay has already said he expects Pagano back on the sideline next season. 
Ballard was chosen from a pool of six candidates, each of whom interviewed with Irsay during the week. Ballard reportedly was brought in for a second interview this weekend. 
The former University of Wisconsin football player began his front office career as an area scout with the Chicago Bears . In 2012, he became the Bears' director of pro scouting. Kansas City hired him the next season, and he became a prime candidate around the league. 
Ballard also was an assistant coach at Texas A&amp;M-Kingsville from 1994-2000. He finished his college career as a student assistant for the Badgers after multiple knee injuries ended his playing career. 
He now takes over a team that has missed the playoffs each of the past two seasons after going 8-8. 
But he also now build a young, improving offense that includes one of the league's best young quarterbacks in Andrew Luck , a Pro Bowl receiver in T.Y. Hilton and a young offensive line that played its best football over the last month of the season. 
What he still needs to do is come up with playmakers on a defense that could be in for a major offseason overhaul. 
Robert Mathis , Indy's career sacks leader, is retiring, and last season's sacks leader, Erik Walden , could become an unrestricted free agent. 
The team has not yet scheduled a formal introduction. 
"He brings a wealth of knowledge and a ton of experience to the organization," Pagano said. "I'm looking forward to rolling up our sleeves and going to work alongside him." 
___ 
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL 
Texas Sports Nation 
Rewind: Memorable Rockets all-star performances 
These Houston coaches enjoyed quick success 
What to watch: The weekend's top sports on TV 
Houston HS basketball primer: Feb. 17 
Watch Texas Sports Nation 
Latest Videos 
Latest Texans news 
Texans' Quintin Demps soaks up knowledge from Ken Houston 
Jets' Darrelle Revis faces pending charges after fight in... 
John McClain on the Texans offseason 
Texans' Johnathan Joseph looking forward to W. Va. training camp 
Agent: Vince Young in talks with CFL's Roughriders 
Le'Veon Bell announces release date of rap album 
Vince Young "dreams of playing more football," signs with... 
UH's Greg Ward invited to NFL combine as wide receiver 
Texans unlikely to use franchise tag 
J.J. Watt Charity Classic tickets go on sale March 4 
Tweets from https://twitter.com/GregRajan/lists/tweeting-the-texans 
Latest Sports Video 
0 ? $(this).attr('href') : document.location.href.replace('/article/','/articleComments/')); return false;" class="comments-btn" rel="nofollow"> View Comments 
&copy; 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. 
Logo 
Return to Top 
About 
Our Company 
Careers 
Advertise with Us 
Ad Choices 
Terms & Conditions 
Privacy Policy 
Your California Privacy Rights 
Contact 
Customer Service 
Newsroom Contacts 
Connect 
Email Newsletter 
Facebook 
Twitter 
Pinterest 
Google 
Instagram 
Subscribe 
iPad app 
HoustonChronicle.com 
Houston Chronicle Archives 
eEdition Demo 
Today's eNewspaper 
Hearst Newspapers 
&copy; Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC