Kellyanne Conway Has An Epic Meltdown And Compares Donald Trump To Jesus 
Friend on Facebook 
Follow on Twitter 
Follow on Pinterest 
Subscribe to RSS 
Search 
&times; 
Search in Site 
To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter 
Close 
HOME 
Sports 
Politicus Editorials 
White House 
Politicus Radio 
Liberal Nation Rising 
Contact Us 
About Us 
Kellyanne Conway Has An Epic Meltdown And Compares Donald Trump To Jesus							 
By Jason Easley on Sun, Jan 29th, 2017 at 6:41 pm Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway blew up on Fox News Sunday and went on a rant which compared President Trump and his staff to Jesus all because the White House thinks the media is biased against them.
Share 
Share on Twitter 
Add to Google+ 
Connect on Linked in 
Share on Pinterest 
Subscribe by Email 
Print This Post 
Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway blew up on Fox News Sunday and went on a rant which compared President Trump and his staff to Jesus all because the White House thinks the media is biased against them. 
Video: 
Transcript via Fox News Sunday of Conway ranting about media bias and turning Trump into Jesus: 
Conway: There&#8217;s no question that when you look at the contributions made by the media, money contributions, they went to Hillary Clinton. We have all the headlines, people should be embarrassed. Not one network person has been let go. Not one silly political analyst and pundit who talked smack all day long about Donald Trump has been let go. They are on panels every Sunday. They’re on cable news every day. 
Who’s the first editorial &#8212; the first blogger that will be left out that embarrassed his or her outlet? We know all their names. I’m too polite to call them by name. But they know who they are, and they’re all wondering, will I be the first to go? 
The election was three months ago. None of them have been let go. If this were a real business, if the mainstream media were a thriving private sector business that actually turn a profit, which is not true of many of our newspapers, Chris, 20 percent of the people would be gone. They embarrassed, they failed to protect their shareholders and their board members and their colleagues. 
And yet we deal with him every single day. We turn the other cheek. If you are part of team Trump, you walk around with these gaping, seeping wounds every single day, and that&#8217;s fine. I believe in a full and fair press. 
I’m here every Sunday morning. I haven&#8217;t slept in a month. I believe in a full and fair press. But with the free press comes responsibility. And responsibility is to get the story right. Biased coverage is easy to detect. Incomplete coverage impossible to detect. That’s my major grievance, is the media are not &#8212; they’re not giving us complete coverage. 
President Trump has signed all these executive orders this week. He&#8217;s met with these heads of states. He&#8217;s done so many things to stimulate the economy, to boost wages, to create jobs. Where&#8217;s the coverage? 
In case you didn&#8217;t catch the reference, Donald Trump is Jesus walking around with the gaping, seeping wounds that are caused by &#8220;biased media coverage.&#8221; Kellyanne Conway and the rest of the White House are the disciples who are turning the other cheek while being assaulted by the media. 
Conway&#8217;s rant demonstrates how the White House can shrug off facts and invent their own reality. They are believers, not in God, but in Donald Trump as their almighty political messiah. 
For anyone who thinks that this administration is going be defeated by facts and reality, Kellyanne Conway&#8217;s rant should serve as a wake-up call. This White House appears to believe that they are on a mission to save America through the gospels of Trump. Their loyalty is to Trump, not the American people. 
Kellyanne Conway is truest of true believers, and she just couldn&#8217;t help herself from coming a bit unhinged to defend her boss on Fox News Sunday. 
Fox News Sunday , Kellyanne Conway , Kellyanne Conway compares Trump to Jesus 
Follow Jason Easley on Twitter 
Kellyanne Conway Has An Epic Meltdown And Compares Donald Trump To Jesus added by Jason Easley on Sun, Jan 29th, 2017 View all posts by Jason Easley &rarr; 
Recent posts on PoliticusUSA  Trump&#8217;s Approval Rating Dips Into The 30s As The White House Drowns In Scandal Paul Ryan Claims Trump&#8217;s Presidency So Far Is &#8216;Exactly On Track&#8217; Fox News&#8217; Shepard Smith Tees Off On &#8216;Crazy&#8217; Trump, Says America Deserves Answers Trump Completely Humiliated As His Pick To Replace Michael Flynn Turns Him Down Michael Flynn Lied To The FBI But Trump&#8217;s Justice Department Will Likely Protect Him Press Conference Backfire: Rep. Elijah Cummings Calls Out Trump For Making Up A Story About Him After Claiming He&#8217;s The Least Racist Person, Trump Does Totally Racist Thing To A Black Reporter CNN Smashes Trump&#8217;s Lie That He Inherited A Mess From President Obama Trump Busted For Falsely Claiming He Had the Biggest Electoral College Vote Since Reagan Trump Attacks the First Amendment to Discredit The Facts About His Russian Connections  			
Subscribe To Our Daily Newsletter 
Email * 
Enter Email 
Confirm Email 
This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. 
Listen To The Politicus Podcast 
PoliticusUSA 
The latest from Politicus Sports 
Privacy Policy 
©2008 - 2016, PoliticusUSA.com. All rights reserved.
Website Privacy &amp; Cookies