Donald Trump Muslim immigration ban: US border patrol 'checking people's Facebook for political views' | The Independent 
News Election 2016 
Americas 
UK 
World 
Europe 
Business 
Voices Comment 
Robert Fisk 
Mark Steel 
Grace Dent 
Holly Baxter 
Campaigns 
Editorials 
Letters 
Sports US sports 
Soccer 
Tennis 
Boxing 
Formula 1 
WWE 
Culture Film 
TV 
Music 
Books 
Lifestyle Fashion 
Food + drink 
Travel 
Health + families 
Love + sex 
Tech Gaming 
Tech culture 
Tech news 
US election 
Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial 
Read Now 
UK Edition 
US Edition 
Sign in 
Register 
Subscriptions 
News Election 2016 
World 
US 
UK 
Europe 
People 
Science 
Health 
Business 
Voices Comment 
Robert Fisk 
Mark Steel 
Grace Dent 
Holly Baxter 
Campaigns 
Editorials 
Letters 
Sports US sports 
Soccer 
Cricket 
Tennis 
Boxing 
Formula 1 
Culture Books 
Film 
TV 
Music 
Art 
Theatre &amp; Dance 
Comedy 
Lifestyle Food &amp; drink 
Health &amp; families 
Love &amp; sex 
Motoring 
Student 
Travel 
Fashion 
Tech Gaming 
Tech culture 
Tech news 
Video Explainer videos 
News videos 
People &amp; culture videos 
Sport videos 
IndyBest Fashion &amp; Beauty 
Homes &amp; Design 
Food &amp; Drink 
Gadgets &amp; Tech 
Outdoor &amp; Activity 
Arts &amp; Books 
Travel 
Money Health insurance 
Investments 
Extras The Independent Books 
Puzzles 
indy100 
Apps 
Ebooks 
iJobs 
Dating 
Follow us: 
We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. 
News  World  Americas  
Donald Trump Muslim immigration ban: US border patrol &#039;checking people&#039;s Facebook for political views&#039; 
Refugees and green card holders detained and interrogated despite legal right to come to the US 
Caroline Mortimer 
@cjmortimer 
Saturday 28 January 2017 19:10 GMT 
Click to follow The Independent US 
On 25 January 2017, President Donald Trump signed an executive order for border security and immigration enforcement improvements at the Department of Homeland Security AP  
US border agents are checking people’s Facebook pages for their political views before allowing them into the country, an immigration lawyer has claimed.  
Houston-based lawyer Mana Yegani said several green card holders, who have the right to live and work in the US, were detained by border agents at American airports hours after President Donald Trump signed an executive order banning immigration from seven countries  in the Middle East and Africa.  
The ban affect travellers with passports from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen and also extends to green card holders who are granted authorisation to live and work in the United States, according to a Department of Homeland Security spokeswoman. 
Protests erupt outside JFK Airport after President Trump's immigration ban 
Ms Yegani, who works with the American Immigration Lawyers Association (Alia), said she and her fellow lawyers had worked through the night fielding calls from people with legitimate visa being detained before entering the US or ordered back on flights to the Muslim-majority countries on the list. 
Read more 
Green card holders barred from entering US, officials confirm 
US airports already refusing people entry after Trump immigration ban 
Muslim-majority countries targeted in Donald Trump immigration ban 
In one alleged incident a Sudanese PhD student at Stanford University in California, who has lived in the US for 22 years, was held for five hours in New York and in another a dual Iranian-Canadian citizen was not allowed to board a flight in Ottawa.  
The Alia said border agents were checking the social media accounts of those detained and were interrogating them about their political beliefs before allowing them into the US.  
She said: "These are people that are coming in legally. They have jobs here and they have vehicles here. 
"Just because Trump signed something at 6pm yesterday, things are coming to a crashing halt. It's scary." 
The controversial orders Donald Trump has already issued 
10 
show all 
The controversial orders Donald Trump has already issued 
1/10 
Trump and abortion     
Protesters flood Independence Avenue during the Women's March 
Getty 
2/10 
Trump and abortion     
US President Donald Trump signs an executive order as Chief of Staff Reince Priebus looks on in the Oval Office of the White House 
Getty Images 
3/10 
Trump and 'Obamacare'     
Nancy Pelosi who is the minority leader of the House of Representatives speaks beside House Democrats at an event to protect the Affordable Care Act in Los Angeles, California. The Republican-led US Senate has launched their much-anticipated effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act by passing a budget blueprint which would allow them to begin rolling back the health care reforms 
Getty Images 
4/10 
Trump and the Dakota Access pipeline     
Opponents of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines hold a rally as they protest US President Donald Trump's executive orders advancing their construction, at Columbus Circle in New York. US President Donald Trump signed executive orders reviving the construction of two controversial oil pipelines, but said the projects would be subject to renegotiation 
Getty Images 
5/10 
Trump and the Dakota Access pipeline     
US actress and political activist Jane Fonda attends a rally with opponents of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines as they protest US President Donald Trump's executive orders advancing their construction, at Columbus Circle in New York 
Getty Images 
6/10 
Trump and the Trans-Pacific Partnership     
Union leaders applaud US President Donald Trump for signing an executive order withdrawing the US from the Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiations during a meeting in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington DC 
Getty 
7/10 
Trump and the Mexico wall     
People protest against US President Donald Trump's inauguration next to a fake wall with a Mexican national flag and a dummy representing him in Mexico City 
Getty Images 
8/10 
Trump and the media     
White House spokesman Sean Spicer arrives to speak at the daily press briefing at the White House in Washington DC 
Getty Images 
9/10 
Trump and the media     
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer takes questions during the daily press briefing 
Getty Images 
10/10 
Trump and the Mexico wall     
A US Border Patrol vehicle sits waiting for illegal immigrants at a fence opening near the US-Mexico border near McAllen, Texas. The number of incoming immigrants has surged ahead of the upcoming Presidential inauguration of Donald Trump, who has pledged to build a wall along the US-Mexico border 
Getty Images 
A spokesman for the Alia told The Independent that they had heard were anecdotal reports of people’s social media accounts being targeted – this tactic had been used by border agents for several years despite doubts over whether it is constitutional.  
It comes as several immigration organisations and the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLA) launched a lawsuit in New York on behalf of two Iraqi men , one a former US government worker and the other the husband of a former US security contractor. 
It said they had been given visas to enter the US but were detained at JFK airport hours after Mr Trump issued the executive order.  
Meanwhile in Cairo, five Iraqis and one Yemeni passenger were barred from boarding a connecting EgyptAir flight to New York and were redirected to flights back to their home countries, despite holding valid visas.  
Dutch airline KLM said it had similarly refused carriage to seven passengers from Muslim countries because there was “no point taking them to the US”.  
May refuses to condemn Muslim ban 
Read more 
Iran's Oscar-nominated director barred from awards due to Trump's ban 
The order, signed on Holocaust Memorial Day, means Syrian refugees have been banned from entering the country indefinitely – though the White House has said it will consider admitting Syrian Christians – and the entire US refugee programme has been suspended for 120 days.  
Nationals from the six other countries on the list have been banned from entering the US for 90 days.  
The move has been condemned by the UN’s refugee agency (UNHCR) and the International Organisation for Migration who said: “The needs of refugees and migrants worldwide have never been greater and the US resettlement program is one of the most important in the world,” 
 “The longstanding US policy of welcoming refugees has created a win-win situation: it has saved the lives of some of the most vulnerable people in the world who have in turn enriched and strengthened their new societies.” 
Additional reporting by Reuters 
More about:
Donald Trump 
Muslim ban 
Immigration 
Facebook 
Reuse content 
Comments 
Most Popular 
Video 
Sponsored Features 
Follow us: 
User Policies 
Privacy Policy 
Cookie Policy 
Code of Conduct 
Complaint Form 
Contact Us 
Contributors 
All Topics 
Archive 
Newsletters 
Jobs 
Subscriptions 
Advertising Guide 
Syndication 
Evening Standard 
Novaya Gazeta 
Install our Apps 
Close 
We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. 
Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. 
Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. 
Thank you for your support. 
How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk 
Adblock / Adblock Plus 
Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. 
On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". 
On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk ". 
Firefox Tracking Protection 
If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. 
Ghostery 
Click the Ghostery icon. 
In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". 
In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. 
In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". 
Click "reload the page to see your changes". 
uBlock 
Click the uBlock icon. 
Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. 
Then reload the page. 
Close 
Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk   
Continue to our site