Trump defends executive order, rejects &#39;Muslim ban&#39; label: Says visa restrictions to be lifted after 90 days -- Puppet Masters -- Sott.net 
" title="Start Search" type="submit" />
Welcome to Sott.net
Fri, 17 Feb 2017
The World for People who Think 
Sections 
SOTT Focus 
Best of the Web 
Puppet Masters 
Society&#39;s Child 
Secret History 
Science &amp; Technology 
Earth Changes 
Fire in the Sky 
Health &amp; Wellness 
Science of the Spirit 
High Strangeness 
Don&#39;t Panic! Lighten Up! 
Picture of the Day 
Quote of the Day 
Quantum Quirks 
Archive 
Topics 
9/11 
Animals 
Comets 
Comets and Catastrophe Series 
Drought 
Earthquakes 
Extreme Temperatures 
Fireballs 
Floods 
JFK Series 
Plagues 
Sinkholes 
Smoking 
SOTT Radio Network 
SOTT Summaries 
Storms 
Strange Skies 
Strange Sounds 
Volcanoes 
Wildfires 
Sections 
SOTT News 
SOTT Radio Network 
SOTT Focus 
Best of the Web 
Puppet Masters 
Society&#39;s Child 
Secret History 
Science &amp; Technology 
Earth Changes 
Fire in the Sky 
Health &amp; Wellness 
Science of the Spirit 
High Strangeness 
Don&#39;t Panic! Lighten Up! 
Topics 
9/11 
Animals 
Comets 
Comets and Catastrophe Series 
Drought 
Earthquakes 
Extreme Temperatures 
Fireballs 
Floods 
JFK Series 
Plagues 
Sinkholes 
Smoking 
SOTT Radio Network 
SOTT Summaries 
Storms 
Strange Skies 
Strange Sounds 
Volcanoes 
Wildfires 
SOTT Radio is live in:
ON AIR 
Treatment Essentials with Dr. Mark Sircus 
Puppet Masters 
Trump defends executive order, rejects &#39;Muslim ban&#39; label: Says visa restrictions to be lifted after 90 days 
RT Sun, 29 Jan 2017 22:12 UTC 
&copy; Carlos Barria / Reuters     US President Donald Trump has defended his executive order on immigration which restricts access to citizens of seven Muslim-majority nations to the US. Rejecting the 'Muslim ban' label, he said it will only be in place until new security policies are implemented. "To be clear, this is not a Muslim ban, as the media is falsely reporting . This is not about religion - this is about terror and keeping our country safe ," Trump said in a statement, adding that there are more than "40 different countries worldwide that are majority Muslim that are not affected by this order."
"We will again be issuing visas to all countries once we are sure we have reviewed and implemented the most secure policies over the next 90 days," he clarified. Trump then explained his executive order, which bars entry of foreign citizens from Syria, Iraq, Sudan, Libya, Somalia, Yemen and Iran, motivated by the urge to be "protecting our own citizens and border."
He then questioned the reaction of the media, saying that former president Barack Obama actually issued a related orde r, adding it was during Obama's term that the seven countries picked for Trump's ban were pinned. "My policy is similar to what President Obama did in 2011 when he banned visas for refugees from Iraq for six months. The seven countries named in the Executive Order are the same countries previously identified by the Obama administration as sources of terror," Trump said.
Earlier, Trump responded to the joint statement of Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham, in which they criticized the decision-making process behind Trump's executive order on immigration and argued it "may do more to help terrorist recruitment than improve our security."
"The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain &amp; Lindsey Graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III ," Trump tweeted .
On Saturday evening, Judge Ann Donnelly from New York's Eastern district issued a temporary emergency stay on the order in a lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) on behalf of two Iraqi immigrants, Hameed Khalid Darweesh and Haider Sameer Abdulkhaleq Alshawi. The ruling prohibits authorities from deporting immigrants who had already arrived or were on their way to the US. Judge Donnelly's ruling was promptly followed by similar pronouncements by other US judges in Massachusetts, Virginia and Washington.
In Boston, Judge Allison Burroughs and Magistrate Judge Judith Dein imposed a seven-day restraining order on the ban's implementation. A temporary restraining halting the deportation of affected migrants was also issued by Judge Leonie Brinkema, in the Eastern District of Virginia, who also ruled that detained immigrants be granted access to lawyers. However, senior US administration officials cited by Reuters, say all of Trump's executive orders remain in effect and are being enforced. The travel ban order has been a "massive success story," an unnamed official told Reuters .
Dozens of migrants have been stranded at US airports since Trump signed the order, with several hundred either detained in transit or refused boarding on US-bound flights.
Starting Saturday, hundreds of Americans flocked to airports calling for the ban to be lifted while expressing outrage at Trump's order. Protesters are also demanding the immediate release of detained immigrants. At JFK airport in New York City - where at least 12 immigrants were detained in accordance with the ban - the protest was backed by taxi drivers who joined the action, with the New York Taxi Alliance announcing a one-hour work stoppage.
Comment: President Donald Trump: Violence is an attack on humanity and it's got to be stopped. See also: 
Trump plan for Muslims not going to include a complete ban  Trump's Muslim ban sparks Iraqi MPs to urge punitive measures against US 
The reaction to Trump's executive order has been fiery. But keep in mind these:
Scott Adams: Trump's 'Muslim ban' is just another 'Art of the Deal' opening bid 
Media Blackout: Obama administration created the list of countries covered by Trump's 'Muslim ban' 
Protests (at least some Soros-funded ), condemnations from foreign leaders and allies, a media frenzy. Yet:
Customs agents ignore judge, enforce Trump's travel ban: ACLU 
The ACLU is getting "multiple reports" that federal customs agents are siding with President Trump — and willfully ignoring a Brooklyn federal judge's demand that travelers from seven Muslim countries not be deported from the nation's airports.
Unions of Border Patrol, ICE agents cheer Trump actions 
Joint Press Release Between Border Patrol and ICE Councils 
As representatives of the nation's Frontline immigration officers and agents responsible for enforcing our laws and protecting our borders, we fully support and appreciate President Trump's swift and decisive action to keep the American people safe and allow law enforcement to do its job . We applaud the three executive orders he has issued to date, and are confident they will make America safer and more prosperous. Morale amongst our agents and officers has increased exponentially since the signing of the orders . The men and women of ICE and Border Patrol will work tirelessly to keep criminals, terrorists, and public safety threats out of this country, which remains the number one target in the world - and President Trump's actions now empower us to fulfill this life saving mission, and it will indeed save thousands of lives and billions of dollars.
As Scott Adams pointed on in the piece above, Trump's move is predictably confusing, chaotic, and somewhat scary. And the reactions he needs to (hopefully) negotiate to the middle are already there: the far-right are happy, and the far-left will be relieved when he finalizes his less radical permanent solution. Priebus tried to clarify the chaos when asked whether the ban affected green-card holders - first saying the order doesn't affect them, then saying it did, because they may be "subjected temporarily with more questioning" until a better program takes effect in the future: 
Asked whether that constituted "affecting" or "not affecting" green card holders, Priebus said, "The executive order doesn't affect green card holders moving forward. I said that. But what I'm suggesting to you is that Customs and Border Patrol... if they have a person that's traveling back and forth to Libya or Somalia or Yemen, I would suspect within their discretion, they might ask a few more questions [at airports] when someone's coming back and forth within their discretionary authority as a customs and border patrol agent."
...
He also said that other countries, Saudi Arabia among them, could be added to the travel ban .
Referring to the chaotic scenes at airports, yesterday, Priebus was asked whether a grace period on enforcing the ban might have been helpful. "I don't think you want to have a grace period, Chuck, because then people that want to do bad things to Americans just move up their travel dates," he said.
He also said the administration had been working with DHS and US Customs and Border Protection for some time before the order was signed, and that the agencies were quite prepared . "And so it wasn't chaos," he said. Priebus said 325,000 people from foreign countries came into the US yesterday, and 109 people were detained briefly. "Most of those people were moved out. We've got a couple dozen more that remain. And I would suspect as long as they're not awful people that they will move through before another half a day today. And perhaps some of these people should be detained further. And if they're folks that shouldn't be in this country they're going to be detained. And so apologize for nothing here."
...
The DHS issued a press release on the ban January 29, in which it said it would continue to enforce all presidential executive orders. "Approximately 80 million international travelers enter the United States every year," the DHS reported. "Yesterday, less than one percent of the more than 325,000 international air travelers who arrive every day were inconvenienced while enhanced security measures were implemented. These individuals went through enhanced security screenings and are being processed for entry to the United States, consistent with our immigration laws and judicial orders."
Now, after all the confusion, the DHS is already clarifying , by scaling back on the severity of that first day of mayhem (as Adams pretty much predicted):
The US Department of Homeland Security has clarified that it is takings steps to comply with court orders issued yesterday and with the statements by Homeland Security Secretary James Kelly regarding the way refugees and travelers from the seven countries affected by the new travel restrictions, including green card holders, are treated.
In the statement, issued late January 29, the department said, "We are committed to ensuring that all individuals affected by the executive orders, including those affected by the court orders, are being provided all rights afforded under the law . We are also working closely with airline partners to prevent travelers who would not be granted entry under the executive orders from boarding international flights to the U.S. Therefore, we do not anticipate that further individuals traveling by air to the United States will be affected."
Citing earlier comments by Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, the department reiterated that " the entry of lawful permanent residents is in the national interest . Accordingly, absent significant derogatory information indicating a serious threat to public safety and welfare, lawful permanent resident status will be a dispositive factor in our case-by-case determinations ."
Green card holders are lawful permanent residents of the United States, though they are not citizens.
"We are and will remain in compliance with judicial orders. We are and will continue to enforce President Trump's executive order humanely and with professionalism. DHS will continue to protect the homeland." the department concluded. 
And then Trump comes out and says this :
"I have tremendous feeling for the people involved in this horrific humanitarian crisis in Syria. My first priority will always be to protect and serve our country, but as President I will find ways to help all those who are suffering," Trump said Sunday.
Head reeling yet? Read Adams' piece. Trump is carrying out a complex, and dangerous, 'negotiation' with two extreme and opposite parties. And he's not dumb. 
Trump defends executive order, rejects 'Muslim ban' label: Says visa restrictions to be lifted after 90 days US President Donald Trump has defended his executive order on immigration which restricts access to citizens of seven Muslim-majority nations to the US. Rejecting the 'Muslim ban' label, he said... 
Tweet 
See Also: 
(Register to add your comments!) 
Reader Comments 
LonSabbatical 
&middot; 
2017-01-29T22:50:04Z
This is how it begins... drip drip.
Anna1 
&middot; 
2017-01-30T09:47:50Z
A Trump opinion portal would be a useful tool for Mr Trump. The TOP would be as effective as a 'focus group' in testing differing viewpoints and encourage voter participation and a sense of shared responsibility in the consequences.
Rowan Cocoan 
&middot; 
2017-01-30T11:46:51Z
How is it that the ban doesn't include Saudi Arabia home of the 'Official' 9/11 'team'?
Answer: Money, oil, and IsraHELL.
R.C.
Carolina4 
&middot; 
2017-01-30T15:50:27Z
who had the most to lose from a hillary clinton loss? or bernie sanders for that matter. it is wise to move with precaution. to be proactive. i like trump. except, i have a problem. the guy he put to head up america's national treasures at the smithsonian. i don't want any of our assets co-mingled with any other nation. like taking our cornell university and partnering it up with israeli technical institutions. america takes pride in standing on her own. hands off the endowment. hands off the treasures. and bring those twelve foot giant skeletons back to america so we can re-enter them back into their burial mounds. and no, there is no religion out of them that we want. we've heard enough bad things about them from the native american legends. it's best to put them to rest. let the communities have them for tourism. they do not belong to you anyway. i am sure town creek north carolina could use the revenues. and many others. i can't believe you fools were going to stuff buddhas and sphinx's in the grand canyon and claim the zuni/hopi sipapu was the beginning of all people. all religions. enough.
SOTT Radio is live in:
ON AIR 
Treatment Essentials with Dr. Mark Sircus 
Latest News 
Where&#39;s the U.S. press coverage of all the global pedophilia rings being exposed? 
Disgusting predator: Danish man charged with ordering rape of 346 children in &#39;historic&#39; livestream sex abuse case 
Samsung chief arrested amid widening South Korea corruption scandal 
New Clinton emails? WikiLeaks teasing public with mysterious &#39;Vault 7&#39; 
Trump drops appeal of travel ban, will issue new executive order instead 
New science says that DNA is not the all powerful molecule biologists make it out to be 
Fmr US Ambassador to Soviet Union: Most fundamental interest of US and Russia is not to engage in nuclear warfare with each other 
Syrian govt delegation head accuses Turkey and armed rebels of derailing Astana talks 
North Dakota Governor orders emergency evacuation of DAPL protest camp 
Trump tweets that investigation into leaks within intelligence community could be launched 
The Globalists action plan for a cashless society 
Because global warming: Oakland school district cuts meat and cheese in school lunches to lower carbon footprint 
Show me the research: RFK Jr offers $100K to anyone who can prove the safety of thimerosol in vaccines 
&#39;Colonization was a crime against humanity&#39;: French presidential favorite Macron sparks firestorm 
Wikileaks releases &#39;CIA espionage orders&#39; for 2012 French presidential election 
Conditions in the Dakota Access Pipeline protest camps deteriorating, cleanup scheduled 
Fake News at it again: &quot;Trump being kept in the dark by US intel agencies citing alleged &#39;Russian contacts&#39;&quot; 
Israel interferes in US politics all the time, but never a scandal - it&#39;s &#39;how the world works&#39; 
Changes to Obamacare: Trump administration revisions to include stricter rules 
Scammers fake ICE raids to rob immigrants 
Samsung chief arrested amid widening South Korea corruption scandal 
New Clinton emails? WikiLeaks teasing public with mysterious &#39;Vault 7&#39; 
Trump drops appeal of travel ban, will issue new executive order instead 
Fmr US Ambassador to Soviet Union: Most fundamental interest of US and Russia is not to engage in nuclear warfare with each other 
Syrian govt delegation head accuses Turkey and armed rebels of derailing Astana talks 
Trump tweets that investigation into leaks within intelligence community could be launched 
&#39;Colonization was a crime against humanity&#39;: French presidential favorite Macron sparks firestorm 
Fake News at it again: &quot;Trump being kept in the dark by US intel agencies citing alleged &#39;Russian contacts&#39;&quot; 
Israel interferes in US politics all the time, but never a scandal - it&#39;s &#39;how the world works&#39; 
Pathological Narcissism: The New York Times congratulates itself and its media friends for being so awesome 
Saudi-backed Hadi forces team up with al-Qaeda in new Yemen offensive 
Putin says Russian and U.S. intelligence agencies should restore ties to better fight terrorism 
Korybko: Is &quot;New Detente&quot; dead after Flynn resignation? Can Russia still benefit? 
Russia boosts US Treasury bill holding by 15% after Trump&#39;s election win 
Russophobic lawmakers introduce bill to block Trump from lifting Russia sanctions 
Republicans ask DOJ to probe the illegal leaks of classified Flynn info 
Scott Adams on Evaluating Trump: Forget &#39;incompetence&#39; and &#39;chaos&#39; - Trump&#39;s system-thinking will smooth things out in time 
Trump washes hands of Israel-Palestine conflict, making room for others at the negotiating table 
Former Senator Graham at plaintiff&#39;s table in 9/11 case against FBI 
Ukraine says Russian hackers targeting Kiev&#39;s power grid and financial system 
Where&#39;s the U.S. press coverage of all the global pedophilia rings being exposed? 
Disgusting predator: Danish man charged with ordering rape of 346 children in &#39;historic&#39; livestream sex abuse case 
North Dakota Governor orders emergency evacuation of DAPL protest camp 
The Globalists action plan for a cashless society 
Because global warming: Oakland school district cuts meat and cheese in school lunches to lower carbon footprint 
Wikileaks releases &#39;CIA espionage orders&#39; for 2012 French presidential election 
Conditions in the Dakota Access Pipeline protest camps deteriorating, cleanup scheduled 
Changes to Obamacare: Trump administration revisions to include stricter rules 
Scammers fake ICE raids to rob immigrants 
After six years of meltdown Fukushima is getting worse, radiation now at unimaginable levels 
Car bomb kills at least 45 and injures 50 in Baghdad 
At least 30 killed, hundreds more injured in bomb attack at Pakistan shrine in latest wave of violence to hit the country 
Russia&#39;s former nuclear chief donates large bonus to fighting children&#39;s cancer 
Sales of Persian rugs in US soar with lifting of Iranian sanctions 
UK government&#39;s decision to end child refugee resettlement plan condemned by children&#39;s commissioners 
Dutch report: ISIS returnees, boys as young as 9 may pose terrorist threat 
Hooded men: Conduct of British Army in N. Ireland &#39;on scale of war crime&#39; 
Alabama governor under investigation for corruption, state AG Steven Marshall recuses himself 
Sick bag: Catholic Church paid $213mn to sex abuse victims in Australia since 1980 
BYO: Arizona lets death row inmates bring their own lethal injection drugs to executions 
Linguist&#39;s research supports waves of migration into the Americas 
Archeologists discover 1500-year-old astronomical observatory in southern Iran 
Great leaders always call out the bankers 
Stones were &#39;killed ritually&#39; to remove the stone&#39;s spiritual powers 12000-years-ago 
Ancient temples of unknown architecture discovered in Sudan 
Gold-decorated spear is tip of the iceberg at Carnoustie dig 
Secrets of the Saguache stone snakes in Colorado 
Ancient treasure trove in Iran reveals the remains of a giant 
10,000 year old rock paintings depicting possible UFO&#39;s and ET&#39;s discovered in India 
The illegal drug trade: An essential component of geopolitics 
Uncovering the truth about Father Crespi&#39;s controversial missing artifacts 
Russell Gmirkin: The &quot;Biblical&quot; ideal king was actually a Greek idea 
3,000-year old footprints of children are found alongside rare painting fragments at the site of a mysterious Egyptian palace 
Defying US imperialism: How Fidel Castro&#39;s legacy carries on 
The Other Secret Jews: Turkey&#39;s Dönme Elite 
A deadly legacy: CIA&#39;s covert Laos war 
The ancient history of the swastika 
Archeologists discover 12th cave believed to have contained stolen Dead Sea Scrolls 
Archaeologists set to search ancient Covenant site and temple of Baal 
2,000-year-old skeleton discovered in famous Antikythera shipwreck 
New science says that DNA is not the all powerful molecule biologists make it out to be 
New Zealand may be part of a submerged continent 
Rare asteroid discovered orbiting Uranus 
Brain scans could detect high-risk autism before the age of two 
Experiments suggest that monkeys and dogs have a human-like sense of morality 
Southern California&#39;s Ventura-Pitas Point fault line has potential to trigger earthquakes, tsunamis 
What could go wrong? U.S. National Academy of Sciences advocates use of gene editing tools to modify human DNA 
The world&#39;s deepest ocean trenches are loaded with pollution 
Tiny, soft, transparent nanofabricated devices turned into ultrasensitive microphones 
Earth&#39;s magnetic field strength recorded in ancient clay jars 
NASA spends $2mn on &#39;advanced life support tech&#39; for deep space travel potentially furthering long distance space exploration 
New study reveals major fault under Ventura California could cause more earthquake damage than previously suspected 
Google&#39;s New AI Has Learned to Become &quot;Highly Aggressive&quot; in Stressful Situations Using Tactics to Always Come Out on Top 
Scientists uncover huge 1.8 million km2 reservoir of melting carbon under Western United States 
Reasons to make business ethics a cumulative science 
Calculating &#39;oscillon&#39;, ancient signals from the early universe gravitational waves 
China: Monsoon shifts altered early cultures, tied to Earth&#39;s orbit 
How microbes shape your love life 
Beginnings of supernova seen for the first time 
Nature revolts! Will Superweeds Choke GMO to a Timely Death in USA? 
California&#39;s Oroville Dam update: Spillway releases curbed, even as &#39;atmospheric river&#39; looms 
Projections of rainfall will overtop emergency spillway by 13 feet at California&#39;s Oroville Dam 
46,000 livestock animals killed by severe winter in Mongolia 
Second time in 3 months dead whale found on beach in Odisha, India 
Leopard kills 4 people over 10 days in Rajasthan, India 
Study: Britain&#39;s urban butterfly population decreases 69% in 20 years 
Heavy snowfall buries southern Maine; 15,400 left without power 
Two earthquakes hit the province of Aceh, Indonesia in quick succession 
Tropical Cyclone Dineo leaves 4 dead in Mozambique 
Evacuations in the south of France as rivers overflow 
Raging New Zealand wildfires leave 1 dead, force hundreds to evacuate 
Pine Glacier sheds another block of ice, a glacial &#39;aftershock&#39; 
Update: &quot;ROCK SHOT&quot; at Oroville Dam: Repair before more rain overtops spillway again 
Los Angeles area braces for what could be biggest storm of the season; flooding, mudslides possible 
At least one killed, 10 injured after Saudi&#39;s Asir region hit by floods 
20-meter deep sinkhole swallows part of road in Vladivostock, Russia 
New Orwellian meaning of &#39;ice free&#39; - One million square kilometers of ice is considered &#39;ice free&#39;? 
Farmer critically injured by wild boar in Odisha, India 
Source of earth-shaking &#39;explosion&#39; remains a mystery in Orangeburg County, South Carolina 
Sinkholes and cracks in the ground plague Cho Don, Vietnam; over 20 found in a month 
Valentine&#39;s Day meteor fireball spotted over Eastern US 
Mystery object (possibly a meteorite) lands in UK garden after loud thump in middle of night 
Bright green meteor fireball illuminates skies over Wisconsin and Illinois 
Bright meteor fireball captured over Caeté, Minas Gerais, Brazil 
Asteroid attack? Yet another asteroid to give Earth a close shave 
Close encounter! Asteroid discovered yesterday whizzed 70,000 km from Earth 
Meteor fireball observed across 11 southern U.S. states 
Meteor fireball spotted over Leeds, UK 
Security camera captures meteor fireball lighting up the sky in Huntersville, North Carolina 
Mysterious boom rattles San Diego residents 
Brilliant green meteor fireball photographed over Southern India 
Bright green meteor fireball lights up skies over Exeter, UK 
Meteor fireball seen in the skies above Huddersfield, UK? 
Meteor fireball blazes across Siberian city of Omsk 
Meteor fireball seen over Donegal, Ireland 
Meteor? New Orleans residents report flash of pinkish light, loud booms, home rattling 
Meteor fireball breaks up over Victoria, Australia 
Daytime meteor fireball explodes over Norway 
Twin sonic booms panic residents of Marseille 
Two large sonic booms prompt calls to North Yorkshire police 
Show me the research: RFK Jr offers $100K to anyone who can prove the safety of thimerosol in vaccines 
Devolution? Study claims kids with ADHD have smaller brains 
Remember this mnemonic to diagnose a brown recluse spider bite 
Married people found to have lower levels of stress hormone 
Note to bloggers: Contaminated cell lines render medical research useless 
Beyond Autism: Vaccines tied to multiple brain disorders 
RFK, Jr., De Niro hold press conference to expose links between mercury and vaccines 
Think your gluten-free diet is healthy? You&#39;re exposed to twice as much arsenic and mercury 
Psychologist: Stop catering to kids&#39; emotional whims 
Gouging the elderly: Number of US seniors prescribed multiple psychiatric drugs doubles over decade 
&quot;Tap Dancing&quot; around vaccine issues 
Healthy gut, happy child: A disrupted gut microbiome could be responsible for the &#39;terrible twos&#39; 
We Used Terrible Science to Justify Smoking Bans 
Common weed found to disarm MRSA superbug 
Thyme the powerful herb that destroys Strep, Herpes, Candida, and the Flu Virus 
Monsanto&#39;s &#39;alternative facts&#39; about glyphosate are on trial 
New study quantifies fluoride&#39;s potential to lower IQ in children 
Ayurveda&#39;s sacred herb: The health benefits of Holy Basil 
Flashback: An unrecognized disorder: Electronic screen syndrome 
Old medicine, new inflated price: Pharma company sells muscular dystrophy drug at a 7,000% markup 
Past life recall as evidence of reincarnation 
Karma: It&#39;s not about &#39;what&#39;s coming to you&#39; 
Do all humans perceive color the same? 
New research: What&#39;s so good about lying? 
Writing your own obituary to inspire others 
Exhaustion: Why it is not unique to our overstimulated age 
Paralysis by analysis: Worrying is &#39;like doing two things at once&#39; 
Change in sense of humour can be early signal of dementia 
90-Year-Old&#39;s advice to combat loneliness 
Music stimulates same area of brain as sex and drugs 
Study: The human empathy connection to dogs and their facial expressions 
Mirror-touch synesthesia: Some really do feel for others 
The best treatment for anxiety and stress is meditation 
The science of being a hero 
The one word that can ruin an apology 
Having a purpose in life makes you healthier 
Near death experience reports include timeless review of life and other perspectives 
Loneliness actually hurts us on a cellular level 
Human connection and its profound role to addiction (VIDEO) 
Parkinson&#39;s patients improve with group drumming 
A monster roamed around Nashville&#39;s streets in the 1880s 
Mysterious UFO swarm filmed flying in the skies of Hengrove, UK 
MUFON investigation: Did a UFO crash to Earth after being shot down by US forces? 
Multiple witnesses report seeing mysterious bright orange lights over Austin, Texas 
Kingston, Jamaica: Disturbed graves implicated in demon possession of schoolchildren 
Strange nighttime orange cloud glows over Sheffield, UK 
Witnesses chase down &#39;UFO lights&#39; in Wiltshire, England (VIDEO) 
NASA &#39;cuts live feed from international space station&#39; before mysterious object appears on camera 
Video shows UFO fly past waterspout off coast of Algeria 
&#39;Bright red like fire&#39;: Mysterious lights seen over Mesa, Arizona 
Mysterious midnight &#39;raging&#39; orange light puzzles Queensland resident 
Video apparently captures two UFOs over Jerusalem on New Years&#39; Eve 
Did a UFO give Uri Geller his supernatural abilities? 
After conducting 6,000 exorcisms, Catholic priest shares his experience 
Peruvian couple &#39;possessed by demons&#39; snarl like animals as family takes them to church for exorcism 
&#39;Compelling&#39; live cam video of &#39;bigfoot family&#39; at Yellowstone divides web 
Mysterious flashing lights speed past ISS - astronaut &#39;hides evidence from camera with hand&#39;? 
UFO hunter demands inquiry into mysterious black object filmed over Bristol Channel 
Triangle UFO formation in the sky above Gosport in South Hampshire, UK 
Alleged poltergeist phenomena surrounding young girl captured in home security footage 
Anonymous sources confirm: Trump used top-secret KGB telephone technology to speak with Russians during campaign 
90s TV show warned about Russia harnessing the power of bees, but no one listened 
Evil does, in fact, die: Family writes scathing obituary of deceased relative 
Mel Brooks notes &#39;Trump has not reached Hitlerian proportions...yet&#39; 
That fascist dictator Donald Trump locked reporters in windowless torture dungeon! 
Satire: Low-fat diet harms part of brain responsible for hearing criticism of low-fat diet 
Did a spaceship fly past Colorado ski resort? 
Secret Service adds emotional protection division (EPD) to safeguard Trump&#39;s psyche 
Mysterious &#39;space capsule&#39; baffles Arizona onlookers 
Conclusive proof that Russia and Iran want war! 
Thanks Soros! Fifth columnists ban Moscow residents from keeping bears at home 
Geriatric Senator can&#39;t wrap his mind around Trump&#39;s idea that America is not exceptional 
Sickness without a cure: British newspaper diagnosed with fatal &#39;idiot cancer&#39; 
Jonathan Pie: Jeremy Hunt and the privatization of the NHS by stealth 
Dutch comedy show out-Trumps Trump in epic message to the new POTUS 
Mexico agrees to build wall to stem the tide of American refugees 
BREAKING: Major KGB Announcement From Putin About Donald Trump, New US President! 
Putin hacked fireworks! Trump pre-inauguration party&#39;s fireworks display spells out &#39;USR&#39; instead of &#39;USA&#39; 
Tucker exposes hoax group claiming to pay protesters at Trump inauguration 
Orangutan slaps tourist taking a selfie! 
Picture of the Day 
Quote of the Day 
A new philosophy, a way of life, is not given for nothing. It has to be paid dearly for and only acquired with much patience and great effort. 
- Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Recent Comments 
The CIA has controlled the major media in the US and Europe ever since Operation Mockingbird began in the 1950s. The Franklin Scandal was a... 
griffin 
At this site: [Link] Under the heading "Participate" you can tell President Trump to take the mercury out of vaccines or whatever else you think... 
binger4354 
The US "mainstream" media are all pedojournalists. Even if the majority of them aren't physically molesting children, they are mentally screwing... 
sbc 
His varied biography has made it difficult to pin down his views, though he appears to be socially progressive, and economically liberal, as well... 
lookin2eskys 
Subscribe to our Newsletter 
SOTT.NET 
Quantum Quirk 
Meanwhile in Finland 
Contact Us
Support SOTT.NET
E-mails sent to Sott.net become the property of Quantum Future Group, Inc and may be published without notice.
Donate once - or every month! Click here to learn how you can help 
Reader comments do not necessarily reflect the views of the volunteers, editors, and directors of SOTT.net or the Quantum Future Group. 
Remember, we need your help to collect information on what is going on in your part of the world! Send your article suggestions to: 
Some icons appearing on this site were created by: Afterglow , Aha-Soft , AntialiasFactory , artdesigner.lv , Artura , DailyOverview , Dellustrations , Everaldo , GraphicsFuel , IconDrawer , IconFactory , Iconka , IconShock , Icons-Land , i-love-icons , KDE-look.org , Klukeart , Mayosoft , mugenb16 , NicolasMollet , PetshopBoxStudio , VisualPharm , VistaICO , wbeiruti , WebIconset , YellowIcon 
Original content &copy; 2002-2017 by Sott.net/Signs of the Times. See: FAIR USE NOTICE 
Contact Us