White House defends Trump's decision to include strategist Bannon at national security meetings | Fox News 
Fox News 
Fox Business 
Fox News Go 
Fox News Radio 
Fox Nation 
Fox News Insider 
Fox News 
Politics 		
Expand/Collapse Search 
Home 
Video 
Politics 
U.S. 
Opinion 
Business 
Entertainment 
Tech 
Science 
Health 
Travel 
Lifestyle 
World 
On Air 
Politics Home
Transfer of Power
Executive
Senate
House
Defense
Judiciary
Fox News Poll
FOREIGN POLICY 
White House defends Trump&#x27;s decision to include strategist Bannon at national security meetings 
Published
January 29, 2017 
Associated Press 
Facebook 0 
Twitter 0 	 
livefyre 
Email 
Print 
The White House on Sunday said the addition of President Trump's chief strategist, Steve Bannon, to regular meetings of the country's top national security officials was essential to the commander in chief's decision-making process.     
Trump took steps Saturday to begin restructuring the White House National Security Council, adding the senior adviser to the principals committee, which includes the secretaries of state and defense. At the same time, Trump said his director of national intelligence and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff would attend &quot;where issues pertaining to their responsibilities and expertise are to be discussed.&quot;     
Bannon served in the Navy before attending Harvard Business School, working at Goldman Sachs, starting his own media-focused boutique investment banking firm and later heading the ultraconservative outlet Breitbart News, which has been condemned for featuring racist, sexist and anti-Semitic content.     
&quot;He is a former naval officer. He's got a tremendous understanding of the world and the geopolitical landscape that we have now,&quot; White House press secretary Sean Spicer told ABC's &quot;This Week.&quot;     
Spicer said &quot;having the chief strategist for the president in those meetings who has a significant military background to help make -- guide what the president's final analysis is going to be is crucial.&quot;     
But to Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine, the Democratic vice presidential nominee, the NSC &quot;sadly has some really questionable people on it,&quot; he told NBC's &quot;Meet the Press,&quot; citing Bannon among them.     
And Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., called Bannon's appointment &quot;a radical departure from any National Security Council in history.&quot;     
He told &quot;Face the Nation&quot; on CBS: &quot;The role of the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff has been diminished, I understand, with this reorganization. One person who is indispensable would be the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, in my view. So, it's of concern, this `reorganization.&quot;'     
Advertisement 
Trending in Politics 
1 
Conservative activists to mobilize amid anti-Trump protests 
2 
Chaffetz seeks to charge ex-Clinton aide in email inquiry 
3 
Harward turns down Trump's national security adviser offer, sources say 
4 
Black lawmakers dismayed after Trump's invitation to black reporter 
5 
Jesse Jackson Jr. released from halfway house in Baltimore 
Site Index 
Sections 
Home 
Video 
Politics 
U.S. 
Opinion 
Entertainment 
Tech 
Science 
Health 
Travel 
Lifestyle 
World 
Sports 
Weather 
On Air 
Tools 
Live Video 
Trending 
Newsletters 
Alerts 
Blogs 
Mobile 
Podcasts 
Radio 
Apps &amp; Downloads 
About 
Careers 
College Students 
Fox Around the World 
Advertise With Us 
New Terms of Use (What's New) 
New Privacy Policy 
Ad Choices 
Contact Us 
Email Newsroom 
FAQ 
Media Relations 
Follow 
Facebook 
Twitter 
Google+ 
LinkedIn 
RSS 
Newsletters 
Fox News 
Back to Top 
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. &copy;2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ