HMV Canada in Receivership; All Stores To Close by April 30 (Update) | Billboard 
Videos 
Photos 
Lists 
Live 
Artists 
Podcasts 
Pop 
R&amp;B/Hip-Hop 
Chart Beat 
Oscars 2017 
Billboard 
Subscribe 
Newsletters 
Facebook 
Twitter 
Google Plus 
Pinterest 
Instagram 
Tumblr 
Grammys 2017       
News       
Music Festivals
Pop
R&amp;B/Hip-Hop
Style
Country
Dance
Latin
Rock
Broadway
K-Pop
Business
Pret-a-Reporter
Hot 100       
Billboard 200       
Charts       
Year-End 2016
Greatest of All Time
Artist 100
Spotify + Web
Trending 140
Emerging Artists
R&amp;B/Hip-Hop
Pop
Dance/Electronic
Country
Rock
Latin
Breaking and Entering
Christian/Gospel
Holiday
Sports
International
Additional Genres
Videos       
Search 
HMV Canada in Receivership; All Stores To Close by April 30 (Update) 
1/27/2017
by
Karen Bliss 
FACEBOOK
TWITTER
EMAIL ME
PRINT
COMMENTS
 Lucas Oleniuk/Toronto Star via Getty Images 
A view of the HMV at Bloor and Young in Toronto. 
The country's biggest music retail chain is shuttering 100-plus stores. 
HMV Canada Inc., the nation&#39;s biggest music retail chain with 100-plus locations, will close all stores by April 30. Ontario Superior Court of Justice approved an application by HUK 10 Limited London, part of Hilco Global, HMV&#39;s parent, to put the company into receivership. The hearing was held today (Jan. 27) and heard before Justice Morawetz, the media department of the court told Billboard in an email A request for comment from Hilco Capital investment director Chris Emmott, a key player in the cross-border restructuring of the company, was not returned at press time. HMV Canada president Nick Williams is scheduled for an interview with Billboard tomorrow (Jan. 28) According to the Canadian Press, senior Justice Geoffrey B. Morawetz appointed Gordon Brothers Canada ULC and Merchant Retail Solutions ULC as the agent to sell HMV&#39;s merchandise. 
A Globe and Mail piece, published prior to the hearing, quotes Emmott, also a director at HUK 10, from an affidavit: "Unfortunately, the debtor has been unable to reach an agreement with the major suppliers on mutually beneficial terms that would allow the debtor to address its immediate cash flow needs." While the company opened a new location at Tsawwassen Mills shopping mall in British Columba as recently as October, and signed a partnership with Ticketmaster last March, sources in the Canadian industry tell Billboard that the major labels are having trouble getting paid, and one has stopped selling to HMV altogether. Billboard reached out to the three major label groups for confirmation with Warner Music declining to comment and UMG and Sony Music not responding at press time. Hilco UK acquired HMV Canada in 2011 from the UK&#39;s HMV Group plc, for a total of GPB £2.05 million ($3.3 million CAD at the time). It provided $25 million CAD initially to help with restructuring (the retailer expanded into more DVDs, plus collectibles, clothing and headphones) but court documents show it now owes $40 million and has not made a payment since November 2014. (Hilco bought the rest of of HMV in 2013.) Annual sales slipped to $193-million at the end of last year from $266 million in 2012, they say. "These financial difficulties, combined with the further decrease in the debtor&#39;s sales expected over the coming years, means the current situation is not sustainable," Emmott said. 
FACEBOOK
TWITTER
EMAIL ME
PRINT
COMMENTS
Comments 
Magazine 
Customer Service 
Subscribe 
Buy this issue 
Billboard biz 
The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. 
Learn More 
Sharing Billboard 
Facebook 
Twitter 
Google+ 
YouTube 
Instagram 
Tumblr 
Pinterest 
Spotify 
Newsletter 
Explore Billboard 
Shop 
News Archive 
Photos Archive 
Videos Archive 
Magazine Archive 
Charts Archive 
Information 
Jobs 
Chart Licensing 
Billboard Events 
Contact Us 
Sitemap 
FAQ 
Feedback 
Lyrics 
Billboard 
Backstage 
Sonicbids 
&copy; 2017 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. 
Terms of Use 
Privacy Policy 
About Our Ads 
Advertising 
Billboard.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group