McCain: Trump's order targeting immigration is 'confusing,' will probably help ISIS propaganda - Business Insider 
Politics 
BI Intelligence 
Events 
Trending        
Tech Insider        
Finance        
Politics        
Strategy        
Life        
Sports        
Video        
All        
× 
From 
To 
You have successfully emailed the post.
× 
McCain: Trump's order targeting immigration is 'confusing,' will probably help ISIS propaganda 
Susan Cornwell, Reuters 
Jan. 29, 2017, 11:39 AM 
3,300 
facebook 
linkedin 
twitter 
email 
print 
U.S.
Senator John McCain, R-Ariz. speaks during a news conference
following a meeting with Lithuania's President Dalia Grybauskaite
at the Presidential Palace in Vilnius, Lithuania, Thursday, Dec.
29, 2016. 
Associated Press/Mindaugas
Kulbis 
U.S. Senator John McCain said on Sunday that President Donald
Trump's order targeting immigration from seven predominantly
Muslim countries has been "confusing" and raised a number of
questions.
"It's been a very confusing process," McCain, a Republican and
chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, told CBS' 'Face
the Nation.' McCain said the effect of Trump's immigration order
"will probably, in some areas, give ISIS (Islamic State) some
more propaganda," and asked why the countries targeted by the
order included Iraq, where U.S. forces are fighting alongside
Iraqi forces against Islamic State.
McCain said he was "worried" about the addition of Trump's chief
strategist and former campaign chief Steve Bannon to the U.S.
National Security Council. McCain said this was "a radical
departure from any national security council in history."
Read the original article on Reuters . Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter .    
More from Reuters: 
The world's largest tech fund is considering a $1 billion plus investment in WeWork 
Silicon Valley is financing the fight against Trump's immigration policy (BOX, NFLX, MSFT, AAPL) 
Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode 
U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House 
Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power 
SEE ALSO: 'You don't stop talking, Chuck': Chuck Todd grills Trump chief of staff over immigration executive order 
NOW WATCH: People with these personality traits have more and better sex 
Loading video... 
More:
John McCain 
Military 
Defense 
Politics 
facebook 
linkedin 
twitter 
email 
print 
× 
Recommended For You
Powered by Sailthru 
McCain: Trump's order targeting immigration is 'confusing,' will probably help ISIS propaganda 
McCain: Trump's order targeting immigration is 'confusing,' will probably help ISIS propaganda 
U.S. Senator John McCain said on Sunday that... 
Recommended For You 
Disclaimer 
Featured 
How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job 
More &quot;Idea Factory&quot; »    
We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines 
More &quot;BI Innovations&quot; »    
Politics Emails &amp; Alerts
Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. 
Sign-Up 
Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital 
Read Business Insider On The Go 
Available on iOS or Android 
Find A Job 
Tech Jobs 
C-Level Jobs 
Media Jobs 
Design Jobs 
Finance Jobs 
Sales Jobs 
See All Jobs &#187; 
Thanks to our partners 
Follow us on: 
Also check out: 
* Copyright &copy; 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
Terms of Service         and
Privacy Policy . 
Disclaimer 
Commerce Policy 
Made in NYC 
Stock quotes by finanzen.net 
International Editions: 
UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP